
Thank you. [inaudible 00:06:42].


Nice to see you. Thank you.


Thank you.


Thank you.


Because we did fantastically, we got 12 million more votes that we had, as you know, in 2016. I actually say we did far better in that election, got the most that anybody’s ever gotten as a President of the United States. I think that when you look at that result and when you look at what happened during that election, unless you’re a very stupid person, you see what happens. A lot of the people in this audience and maybe a couple that don’t, but most people understand what happened. That was a rigged election, and it’s a shame that we had to go through it. It’s very bad for our country. All over the world they looked at it and they saw exactly what everyone else saw. Even if you just look recently with the 51 intelligence agents that made a 16 point difference, if you look at the FBI-


If you look at the FBI and Twitter, they call it Twitter files, made a big difference. If you look at-


… True the Vote-


Let me just go on. If you look at True the Vote, they found millions of votes on camera, on government cameras where they were stuffing ballot boxes. So with all of that, I think it’s a shame what happened. I think it’s a very sad thing for our country. I think it’s a very sad thing, frankly, for the world because if you look at what’s gone to our country, our country has gone to hell. Our borders are bad. Our military has been bad. You look at the taxes, you look at inflation. What’s happened to inflation? It’s just destroying our country. We’ve really become, in many ways, a Third World country, and it’s very sad what’s happened in this administration, and it’s something that we’ll turn around on day one. We were energy independent. Now energy is at a level that we’ve never had to pay before. Nobody can afford to continue to pay what’s happening with energy, but we were energy independent. We were getting out of Afghanistan with strength and with dignity, and instead we got out, we looked like fools. Probably the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country.


Who? Who?


People were afraid to take on the issue, but we have a big problem in this country.


We have elections that were horrible. If you look at what happened in Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, if you look at what happened in Detroit, Michigan, if you look at what happened in Atlanta, millions of votes, and all you have to do is take a look at government cameras, you’ll see them. People go to 28 different voting booths to vote, to put in seven ballots apiece. I mean, and they’re all on camera.


Hi, Scott.


Thank you.


Will I suspend, excuse me, what?


Yeah, unless I see election fraud. If I see election fraud, I think I have an obligation to say it. And what we went through a short while ago has really put our country in a big problem. I hope to do that. I hope we’re going to have very honest elections. We should have voter ID. We should have one-day elections. We should have paper ballots instead of these mail-in votes. But the answer is yes, and I hope that it’s going to be very straight up because if it’s going to be straight up, we’re going to win the election.


Well, I guess we’re going to just win. We’re at a point now, we’re getting so close. Let’s just win it again and straighten out our country.


No, no. You are able to do certain things. I’m not talking about terminating the Constitution. I’m talking about cherishing the Constitution. The Constitution says it was supposed to have legal and well-maintained and well looked at elections, and we didn’t have that. I cherish our Constitution, but we have to live up to the Constitution. We weren’t living up to the Constitution.


You’re supposed to say that, but I’m glad you say that. But look,-


… that was a horrible President election. That was a horrible election. And unless somebody’s very stupid, and I know you very well, you’re not stupid at all, but you perhaps are given an agenda or you have an agenda. Look, we have to have honest elections in our country. We have open borders. You look at what’s happening. I mean, we have elections, we have open borders. Look at what’s happening on our southern border. Millions and millions of people are coming here. They’re being released from prisons, they’re being released from mental institutions, and we have millions of people pouring into our country, and now they’re getting rid of Title 42, which I put on, which kept people out that were sick and had problems.


Again, we go back to it, but January 6th had to do with the fact that hundreds of thousands of people, and you don’t see the pictures very often. A lot of the people here probably were there. January 6th, it was the largest crowd I’ve ever spoken to. That was prior to the walk down to the Capitol building. I don’t think, and I’ve spoken to hundreds of thousands of people, I’ve never spoken to a crowd as large as this, and that was because they thought the election was rigged and they were there proud, they were there with love in their heart. That was an unbelievable and it was a beautiful day.(14:22)And what I was asked to do, I wasn’t involved in it very much, I was asked to come in, would I make a speech? I made a speech. I said, “Walk peacefully and patriotically,” many different things. In fact, I brought a list of things, I don’t want to bore the audience, but we can go sentence after sentence after sentence of things I said and things I put out. One of the big problems was that Nancy Pelosi, crazy Nancy as I affectionately call her, crazy Nancy Pelosi and the mayor of Washington were in charge, as you know, of security. And they did not do their job.


Well, I offered them National Guard. I said, “We’ll give you soldiers. We’ll give you a National Guard. We’ll give you whatever you want.” And they turned me down.


In fact, she turned me down. Excuse me. She turned me down in writing. They turned me down.


Excuse me. Just the opposite. Chris Miller wrote a book and he’s a fantastic guy, and he was ready to go. They turned him down. If you look, the mayor of Washington DC, lovely lady, she said, “We don’t like the look.” Nancy Pelosi said, ” Oh, we don’t like the look.” I offered them 10,000 soldiers. I said, “It could be 10, it could be more,” But I offered them specifically 10,000 soldiers. If they would’ve taken 500 soldiers, you wouldn’t had the problem. They turned it down. And if you look at the Inspector General report, he says, “They turned it down. They made a terrible mistake.”


He did not say that.


He did not say that.


It’s true. Of course.


Am I allowed to say that?


I don’t believe it did. Oh, let me pull it out. I have to pull it out. So if you look at on January 5th, the day before, I said, “Please support our capitol police and law enforcement. They are truly on the side of our country. Stay peaceful. Stay peaceful.” This was the day before, and this was in the form of Twitter. Now I use Truth Social. I think it’s far superior. I hope everybody’s on Truth.(16:50)If you look January 6th, this is before 2:30, “I am asking for everyone at the US Capitol to remain peaceful.” This is right after, as it was happening. But what happened is they took it down. I don’t know why. I think they took it down because it was so good, they didn’t like it being up there. And we didn’t know until I got it back because now I have 90 million people waiting for me to go back, but I’m on Truth and I’m staying on Truth. Listen, “I am asking for everyone at the US Capitol to remain peaceful. No violation, that we want no violation. We want no violence. Remember, we are the party of law and order. Respect the law and our great men and women in blue. Thank you.” That was at 2:30. That was very early.


No, no, but you didn’t report that. You know what? Because it was taken down-


It was taken down and it wasn’t [inaudible 00:17:44].


They do. I agree with that. But Nancy Pelosi-


Nancy Pelosi and the mayor are in charge. I assumed they were able to do their job. They weren’t. And it kicked in.


And if you remember, I made a video right outside the Oval Office in the Rose Garden, and I’m very proud of that video. I didn’t have a script. I don’t need scripts like a certain person that’s in there right now.


It was a great video and it was a beautiful video. And it said, I mean, I don’t want to read at all, “But you have to go home now. We have to have peace. We have to have law and order. We have to respect our great people of law and order. We love the people of law and order. We can’t play into the hands of these other people. We have to have peace. Please go home.” I said that. You know what they did?


They took that down, and to this day, it hasn’t been put up. And the reason is, it’s so good and so conclusive that all of this nonsense and all of the tens of millions of dollars that have been spent are just wiped away with this one. And they’ve never put it back up. They had another one that they did the same thing.


No, I’ll tell you.


That video was posted-


… actually a little bit before that.


Excuse me,-


… it was posted after the first one I just read though, and that was at two o’clock.


There’s another one I posted.


And a person named Ashli Babbitt was killed.


You know what? She was killed and she shouldn’t have been killed. And that thug that killed her, there was no reason to shoot her at blank range. Cold blank range, they shot her. And she was a good person. She was a Patriot.


There was no reason.


He went on television to brag about the fact that he killed her.


Oh, he was bragging.


He was bragging.


I don’t think he was in any danger.


No, because he did something wrong. He should have put the votes back to the state legislatures and I think we would’ve had a different outcome. I really do.


What?


Okay, are you ready?


Let’s get this one out. Let’s keep it interesting. I like Mike Pence very much. He’s a very fine man. He’s a very nice man. He made a mistake. His lawyer said, “You cannot move.” I called him the human conveyor belt. I said, I talked to his lawyer, “Even if the votes are absolutely fraudulent, he can’t…” “Yes, sir. He can’t [inaudible 00:20:55].” And the Democrats played it and the RINOs played it. Then the election was over. They told him he couldn’t do it. Mike said to me, “I can’t do it. The lawyers told me you can’t do it. They can’t do it.” But the lawyers were wrong because right after the election, they all met the RINOs and the Democrats and they worked out a plan to make sure that future vice presidents don’t do what I said you could do.


That’s exactly.


No.


Excuse me.


Kaitlan-


… why did they change the law then saying that you can’t do it?


Oh, they strengthened it,-


… meaning you could do it. Thank you.


Thank you.


Mike had the right to do it. They convinced him he didn’t and it was a horrible thing for our country. If you would’ve sent those votes back to Georgia, Pennsylvania, and other states, Wisconsin, which if you look at Wisconsin, they virtually admitted now that the election was rigged,-


… if he would have sent those votes back to many of those states, they would not come back in the affirmative. Remember what I said, and you just said it pretty much, you admitted what I said was right,-


… he said he didn’t have the right to do it and he did have the right to do it and that’s why they changed the law taking that right away.


So many illegal votes were cast in Wisconsin and if you look in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, they had so many illegal votes, they didn’t even know what to do with them. You’re absolutely wrong about that.


I am inclined to pardon many of them. I can’t say for every single one because a couple of them, probably they got out of control. But when you look at Antifa, what they’ve done to Portland and if you look at Antifa, look at what they’ve done to Minneapolis and so many other places, look at what they did to Seattle, and BLM. BLM, many people were killed. I’m not trying to justify anything, but you have two standards of justice in this country. I love that question because what they’ve done to so many people is nothing. Nothing. Then what they’ve done to these people, they’ve persecuted these people. And yeah, my answer is I am most likely. If I get in, I will most likely. I would say it will be a large portion of them and it’ll be very early on. They’re living in hell right now.


They’re living in hell and they’re policemen and they’re firemen and they’re soldiers and they’re carpenters and electricians and they’re great people. Many of them are just great people.


I don’t know. I’d have to look at their case, but I will say in Washington DC, you cannot get a fair trial. You cannot. Just like in New York City, you can’t get a fair trial either.


Sure.


Well, there aren’t too many of them because my poll numbers just came out. They went up. I think I’m the only person in history who had a charge like that. Usually, you leave office. You say, “I’m sorry, but I’m going to back home. I’m back home to my family and everything. I’m going to be resigning.” My poll numbers went up and they went up with the other fake charge too, because what’s happening is they’re doing this for election interference. This woman, I don’t know her. I never met her. I have no idea who she is. I had a picture taken years ago with her and her husband, nice guy, John Johnson. He was a newscaster, very nice man. She called him an ape, happens to be African American. Called him an ape. The judge wouldn’t allow us to put that in. Her dog or her cat was named Vagina. The judge wouldn’t allow to put that in, all of these things [inaudible 00:25:54]. But with her, they could put in anything, Access Hollywood [inaudible 00:25:57].


That’s right.


No, I don’t think so because I think the whole thing… Just so you understand, ready? I never met this woman. I never saw this woman. This woman said I met her at the front door of Bergdorf Goodman, which I rarely go into other than for a couple of charities. I met her in the front door. She was about 60 years old and this is like 22, 23 years ago. I met her in the front door of Bergdorf Goodman. I was immediately attracted to her. She was immediately attracted to me and we had this great chemistry. We’re walking into a crowded department. We had this great chemistry and a few minutes later, we end up in a room, a dressing room at Bergdorf Goodman right near the cash register. Then she found out there are locks on the door so she said, “I found one that was open.” She found one. She learned this at trial. She found one that was open.(26:56)What kind of a woman meets somebody and brings them up and within minutes, you’re playing hanky-panky in a dressing room? I don’t know if she was married then or not. I feel sorry for you John Johnson.


No, but think of it. Think of it.


But let me just, if I could, because you asked the question.


Just so you understand, if I was walking in at the … because I was very famous then and I owned the Plaza Hotel right next door and I own buildings around there, I’m not going into a dressing room of a crowded department. Then I say if she was being raped, and by the way, they said she wasn’t raped. That was her charge. It wasn’t.


They found-


No. Say what? They said, “He didn’t rape her.”


I didn’t do anything else either. You know what? Because I have no idea who the hell she is.


I don’t know who this woman is.


I tell you this.


Are you ready?


Can I swear on my children which I never do, I have no idea who this woman? This is a fake story, made-up story. We had a horrible Clinton- appointed judge. He was horrible. He allowed her to put everything in. He allowed us to put nothing in.


This is a fake-


… story.


That’s right.


No. It wouldn’t have made a difference. This is a rigged deal. My lawyer said, “Sir, you don’t have to do it.” I actually said, “I think I should. It would be respectful.” They said, “Sir, don’t do it. This is a fake story and you don’t want to give it credibility.” That’s why I didn’t go.


And I swear, and I’ve never done that, and I swear to you I have no idea who the hell… She’s a wack job.


I said if you’re famous and rich or whatever I said, but I said, if you’re a star and I said women let you. I didn’t say you grab. I said women let. You didn’t use that word, but if you look, women let you. Now, they said, “Will you take that back?” I said, “Look, for a million years, this is the way it’s been.” I want to be honest, this is the way it’s been. I can take it back if you’d like to, but if you are a famous person, if you’re a star, and I’m not referring to myself, I’m saying people that are famous, people that are stars,-


… people that are rich,-


… people that are-


… powerful, they tend to do pretty well in a lot of different ways. You would like me to take that back? I can’t take it back because it happens to be true. I said it’s been true for one million years, approximately a million years, perhaps a little bit longer than that.


Well, I don’t want to lie.


Here’s what you want me to say.


A rich and famous person-


… has no advantage over anyone else. Well, you do have an advantage. I say unfortunately, but that’s the way it is.


Well, fortunately-


… or unfortunately for her.


Drill, baby, drill. You know what that means. We were energy independent. We were soon going to be energy dominant and nobody had ever done what I did. We got oil down to a dollar 87. Actually, it fell lower than that in some cases. We had to save the oil companies. The price was getting so… We were doing incredibly. We had the greatest economy in the history of our country, probably the greatest economy in the history of the world. We are energy independent, soon to be energy dominant. We were going to be bigger than Russia and Saudi Arabia put together times two. We have more liquid gold under our feet than any other nation, any other nation and these stupid fools ended it.(31:28)Energy went from a dollar 87 and even lower for gasoline for car, they went from a dollar 87 to $5, $6, $7, $8, and even $9. And your electricity bills went through the roof. Your heating bills went through the roof and that’s what started inflation. It hasn’t stopped because people are paying now for bacon and for eggs and for the two and three times what it was just a little while ago. We created the greatest economy in history. A big part of that economy was I got you the biggest tax cuts in the history of our country, bigger than the Reagan cut, bigger than any… And also, Kaitlan, also, as you know, we got the biggest regulation in regulatory cuts. This place was rocking and then we were given a gift from China and China paid a big price.(32:18)Let me tell you something, I took in hundreds of billions of dollars in taxes from China, but prior to COVID coming in. Then I rebuilt the economy again a second time. Prior to COVID coming in from China, from Wuhan, which I said it came from Wuhan, everybody said, “Oh, you’re wrong about that. You’re wrong,” it came from Wuhan, I said it right from day one, we had the greatest economy in the world. Here’s the story. They made energy so high and energy is all invasive. It is massive as an industry and as a cost. It lifted everything,-


… if you make donuts, no matter what you did. And we had inflation, the likes of which I guess we haven’t, as a said, for 52 years, but I think more than that. We had no inflation. We had the lowest energy prices we’ve had in decades. This country was rocking and rolling. By the way, we had the most secure border in the history of our country and now we have [inaudible 00:33:14].


Hi. Thank you.


Such an important question. We’re at $33 trillion, a number that nobody ever thought possible. When we had our economy rocking and rolling just prior to COVID coming in, literally we were making a fortune. And oil, we were going to make so much money from oil, we were going to start paying off debt. But then with COVID coming in, we had to do other things. We had to keep this country alive because it was so serious. But we have to get the country back. We have to lower energy prices. We have to lower interest rates. Interest rates are through the roof. Energy has to come down. It all has to come down and we have to start paying off debt. But when we have a debt limit, and they use that very seriously to me… They came in. Schumer came in with Nancy Pelosi and they were using we’ll violate it, we’ll do whatever. They talked a whole lot different than they do right now.(34:34)I say to the Republicans out there, congressman, senators, if they don’t give you massive cuts, you’re going to have to do a default. I don’t believe they’re going to do a default because I think the Democrats will absolutely cave because you don’t want to have that happen. But it’s better than what we’re doing right now because we’re spending money like drunken sailors. You know the expression.


Well, you might as well do it now because you’ll do it later, because we have to save this country. Our country is dying. Our country is being destroyed by stupid people, by very stupid people.


Sure.


That’s when I was president.


Because now I’m not president.


Well, you don’t know.


You don’t know. It’s psychological. It’s really psychological more than anything else. It could be very bad. It could be maybe nothing. Maybe you have a bad week or a bad day. But look, you have to cut your costs. We’re spending seven trillion dollars much of it on nonsense, seven trillion dollars on nonsense.


I actually said,-


… “Get all of that money that was wasted and frankly, the Senate should have never approved it. Get all that money that was wasted. If they don’t get rid of that, you’ll have to default. Okay? You have to default.”


By the way, you’re going to default eventually anyway, but it’s going to be much messier. I don’t think you’ll have to default. I think if the Republicans hold strong and they say we want five, let’s say we want $5 trillion off, I really think the Democrats have no choice but to do it. If I win, they’re going to be doing the same thing to me in two years. I guarantee you that.


They’re going to play-


… a very hard ball game-


… and they did that before.


Sure.


As you know, the bump stocks are actually a very unimportant thing. NRA, I went with them and they said it doesn’t mean anything. Actually, all they do is teach you how to shoot very inaccurately. So we did that. There’s been nobody that’s protected the Second Amendment, as you know, like I have. I protected it through thick and thin. Not easy to do, but we have a very big mental health problem in this country. Again, it’s not the gun that pulls the trigger, it’s the person that pulls the trigger. We have to protect our Second Amendment. We have to protect our Second Amendment.


I would do numerous things. For instance, schools, we would harden, very much harden. Also, I’m a very believer. I believe in teachers. I love teachers. I think they’re incredible and they love the children. Not quite like the parents, but they love the children, in many cases, almost as much. Many of these teachers are soldiers, ex-soldiers, ex-policemen. They’re people that really understand weapons. 5% of the teachers would be more than you could ever have if you’re going to hire security guards. But in addition to that, have security guards. You have to harden your entrances. You have to make schools safe and you can make other places safe. But it is a big mental health problem in this country more than anything else. And remember, we have 700 million guns, 700 million. Many people, if they don’t have a gun, they’re not going to be very safe. It gives them security.(38:42)Now you need them for entertainment. You need them for hunting. You need them for a lot of different things, but there are people that if they didn’t have the privilege of having a gun in some form, many of them would not be alive today. There’s a certain country that had a very strict policy on guns, very, very strict.


Brazil. Brazil, very strict. The killing was incredible. They were walking into people’s homes and killing people. They had no protection. Said, “Go out and buy guns.” People went out and bought guns and it went way down. The numbers went way down because they had security. If you look at Chicago, Chicago has the single toughest gun policies in the nation. They are so tough, you can’t breathe. New York too and other places also. All of those places are the worst and most dangerous places.


So that’s not the answer.


It’s such a great question. It was such a great


… Victory, and people are starting to understand it now. You know that they wanted to bring it back to the States, but that was probably the least important part of that victory. Getting rid of Roe v. Wade was an incredible thing for pro-life because it gave pro-life something to negotiate with. Pro-life had absolutely nothing being stuck in Roe V. Wade to negotiate with. And now what’s happening, and I see it all over. Deals are being made, deals are going to be made. And look, everybody that was president wanted to get rid and tried to get rid of Roe v. Wade.


Republicans. For 50 years. This has been going on, actually a couple of Democrats too. But for 50 years this has been going on. I was able to do it and I was very honored to do it. But by doing it, things are happening that are very, very positive. And I happen to believe in the exceptions. The life of the mother, rape, incest, like Ronald Reagan believed in the exceptions. But I happen to believe that. I think it’s frankly important to do that. But a lot of people are against that. A relatively small number.


But the way I look, I think it’s very important to say this. I consider the other side to be radical. Because the other side under Roe v, Wade and other things, the other side, they’re radical because they will remember the debate with Hillary Clinton. I said, rip the baby out of the womb at the end of the ninth month. They will kill the baby in the ninth month. If you look at that crazy Governor of Virginia from the former governor where he said, no, the baby will be born. And then we’ll decide essentially whether or not to execute the baby.


These are the radical people. It’s not the pro-life people that are radical.


What I’ll do is negotiate so that people are happy. But the fact that we were able… I was able, I’m so proud of it. We put three great justices on the Supreme Court. We have almost 300 federal judges on the Supreme Court.


I said this. I said this. I want to do what’s right. And we’re looking and we want to do what’s right for everybody.


But now, for the first time, the people that are pro-life have negotiating capability, because you didn’t have it before. They could kill the baby in the ninth month or after the baby was born. Now they won’t be able to do that.


Yeah. And many of them are going to give you the same answer as I am. First of all, I am honored to have done what I did. And a lot of people said, they said in 150 years, he’s now the most consequential president because he saved so many lives. And I’m honored to have done it. And because of what I’ve done, we now have a great negotiating ability. That’s what I do in life. I negotiate. We have a great negotiating ability and I think we’re going to be able to get something done.


Some people are at six weeks, some people are at three weeks.


President Trump is going to make a determination what he thinks is great for the country and what’s fair for the country. But the fact that I was able to terminate Roe v. Wade after 50 years of trying, they worked for 50 years. I’ve never seen anything like it. They worked, and I was so honored to have done it. We are in a very good negotiating position right now, only because of what I was able to do. And remember this. Again, you talk about radicalism, people that will kill a baby in the ninth month or the eighth month or the seventh month or after the baby is born. They’re the radicals, not the pro-life people.


Yeah, but I’ve given you-


I’ve given you the answer probably four times already.


I’m looking at a solution that’s going to work. Very complex issue for the country. You have people on both sides of an issue, but we are now in a very strong position. Pro-life people are in a strong position to make a deal that’s going to be good and going to be satisfactory for them. You wouldn’t even be having a discussion if you weren’t able to get rid of Roe v. Wade, which put pro-life in a dead position, a horrible position. They could kill the baby at any time they wanted to. But we did something that nobody thought was doable and other Republican presidents and others, by the way, they wanted to get it out. They also wanted to bring it back to the States. But bringing it back to the States is a less important issue than the issue that we just talked about.


It depends what the deal is. Lindsey Graham’s a good man, he’s got an idea-


… and a lot of other people have an idea. And I look at all the different ideas and I’ll make the right decision.


I’ll make the right decision.


Thank you.


Sure. A very fair question, especially since tomorrow is going to be a day of infamy. You’re going to have tens of thousands of people pouring into our country. Even the judge, the judge overruled them when they wanted to terminate it early and he said, you know that you better extend this thing. The judge in Texas said, “I hope you’re going to extend this.” But this is my policy that they’re letting it terminate because they lost in court. They wanted to go earlier. You’re going to have millions of people pouring into our country right now at a level that nobody’s ever seen before. These people are sick. Anybody that wants this to happen to our country, they’re destroying our country and this should not be allowed to happen. How they’re not going to do a version of Title 42 or my Title 42, which was tough. If people are sick and have infectious diseases and lots of other problems, we don’t want them being into our country. We have enough problems right now. We have problems like we’ve never had in the history of our country. Our country is being destroyed.


That’s true. But you have-


I did finish the wall. I built a wall.


I built hundreds of miles of wall and I finished it. And then I said, we have to build some more because there are areas like water going through a dam. There are some areas where a lot of people are coming. You close up one and they come into another. And we started another a hundred miles of wall. In fact, I said to my people, if we start this and don’t finish it, and then we had a rigged election. I’m sorry to say it.


Okay good. I know. I’m glad you’re saying that.


And so then they took over and they decided not to finish it. It would’ve taken them three weeks. I built hundreds of miles of wall. If we didn’t have it would be hard to believe it could be any worse. They’re just letting people flow into our country. Look, a country has to have borders. There’s never been anything like is happening to our country right now.


No, but I have to respond to that.


Can I respond? This is what she does. I built hundreds of miles. Some of the wall was up there and it would be laying on the ground, rusted rotten steel, rusted rotten wood. And what the radical left crazy Democrats did, if there’s a piece of wood laying down, they consider that a wall. I built 30-foot walls that go down seven feet into the ground. If there was a little piece of wood sitting in the ground. They said, oh, he’s not building a wall. We already had a wall. Because this is the game. They’re a party of disinformation.


No, I built new wall.


Hundreds of miles. What I did is I replaced other wall that was laying down that was up and rotting in the ground for 30 years. Some of it was steel that you couldn’t even see it was-


Well, when you have that policy, people don’t come. If a family hears that they’re going to be separated, they love their family, they don’t come. So I know it sounds harsh, but if you remember, remember they said I was building prisons for children. It turned out that it was Obama that was building the prisons for the children.


Well, we have to save our country. All right. We can’t afford-


No, no. When you say to a family that if you come, we’re going to break you up, they don’t come. And we can’t afford to have anymore. Look at New York City. Look what’s happening. They’re living in Central Park in New York City. The city is being swamped. Los Angeles is being swamped. Iowa is being swamped. Our whole country is being destroyed. Millions of people are coming into our country. And you know what the number is going to be, in my opinion, by the end of the year, not the 4 million that you hear and the 3,000,000. I think it’s going to be 15 million people. And in these people, they have no idea where they come from. They come from 129 different countries so far, 129, not just the four that we talked about.


Hi.


Thank you.


First of all, thank you very much. That’s really nice and it’s an important question. So important, because we’re giving away so much equipment. We don’t have ammunition for ourselves right now. We don’t have ammunition for ourselves. We’re giving away so much. But here’s the thing. Have to say it. To start off, no longer matters. If I were president, this would’ve never happened. And even the Democrats admit that. Putin knew it would’ve never happened and his pipeline would’ve never happened. A lot of things would’ve never happened. But this would never happened.


And all those dead people, both Russian and Ukrainian, they wouldn’t be dead today. And all those cities that are blown up and disintegrated right to the ground, that wouldn’t have happened. Okay? Now here’s the problem. We’ve given so far, $171 billion. They’ve given, they meaning European Union, which is approximately the same size altogether as our economy. They’ve given about 20, so we’re at one 170, let’s say, and they’re at 20. You don’t have to know too much about history to realize, or geography to realize that they’re a little bit more affected than we are. Okay? So they’ve got to put up a lot more money because they’re taking advantage of us like every other country did. That’s why I ended NAFTA and replaced it with the USMCA in Mexico.


I have a very good relationship with President Zelensky because as you know, he backed me up with a phony impeachment hoax. Number one, when he said, “The president didn’t do anything wrong.” So I happened to like-


So I happened to like… Yeah, that’s, right? And I was totally exonerated, by the way. Just a waste of time and money.


I was impeached by a crazy woman named Nancy Pelosi.


Let me just put it a nicer way. If I’m president, I will have that war settled in one day. 24 hours.


Because I’ll meet with Putin, I’ll meet with Zelensky. They both have weaknesses and they both have strengths. And within 24 hours, that war will be settled. It’ll be over. It’ll be absolutely over.


I don’t think in terms of winning and losing. I think in terms of getting it settled, so we stop killing all these people and breaking down this country.


One of the things you have to do is you have to get Europe-


Excuse me, let me just follow up.


I want everybody to stop dying. They’re dying. Russians and Ukrainians. I want them to stop dying. And I’ll have that done. I’ll have that done in 24 hours. I’ll have it done. You need the power of the presidency to do it.


You know what I say? I’ll say this. I want Europe to put up more money, because they’re in for 20 billion. We’re in for 170-


They should equalize. They have plenty of money. They should equalize. I got with NATO-


When I sat down, I got them to put up to hundreds of billions of dollars that they weren’t paying under Obama and Bush and all of these other presidents. That’s why they’re able to help them fight the war because of the money I got. But I want Europe to-


Excuse me. I Europe to put up more money because they’re laughing at us. They think we’re a bunch of jerks. We’re spending $170 billion for faraway land, and they’re right next door to that land and they’re in for 20. I don’t think so.


He made a tremendous mistake. He’s a smart guy. I remember I said he was smart. She was smart. They said, he’s like President Xi of China, right? He’s smart. 1.5 billion people. He’s the ruler of 1.5 billion people. I said, “Yeah, he’s a smart guy.” “How dare he say he’s smart?” Of course he’s smart. They want you to say he’s a stupid person, okay? He’s not a stupid person. He’s very smart. He’s very cunning. And Putin made a bad mistake, in my opinion.


His mistake was going in. He would’ve never gone in if I was president. We used to talk about it though.


What?


Well, I think it’s something that that should not be discussed now. It should be discussed later. Because right now we have to get a war… If you say he’s a war criminal, it’s going to be a lot tougher to make a deal to get this thing stopped. Because if he’s going to be a war criminal where people are going to go and grab him and execute him, he’s going to fight a lot harder than he’s fighting under the other circumstance. That’s something to be discussed at a later date.


Right now we want to get that war settled, and I’m not talking


… talking about the money either. I’m talking about all the lives that are being… The number of people being killed in that war is far greater than you’re hearing. When they blow up the city and those buildings come pouring down and then they say two people were injured, no, no. Hundreds and thousands of people are being killed and we have to get that war settled.


I had every right to under the Presidential Records Act. You have the Presidential Records Act. I was there and I took what I took and gets declassified. Biden, on the other hand, he has 1,850 boxes. He had boxes sent to Chinatown. Chinatown, where they don’t speak even English in that Chinatown we’re talking about.


Nobody talks him. They talk about us. Just so you understand, I had every right to do it. I didn’t make a secret of it. The boxes were stationed outside of the White House. People were taking pictures of the GSA and the various people.


It says you talk, you negotiate. You make a deal. It’s not criminal, by the way.


The Presidential Records Act is not criminal. And just so you know-


Can I tell you? Just so you understand, the Presidential Records Act is not criminal. I took the documents. I’m allowed to. You know who else took him? Obama took them. Nixon took them.


Oh, he didn’t? He didn’t? Take a look.


Reagan took them.


Even Jimmy Carter. Even Mike Pence had some documents and he’s a very honorable guy.


But you know who took him more than anybody is Joe Biden? He has 1,800 boxes, and nobody even knows where they are. 1800, and nobody talks about him.


And they put a rough guy on us. They have nobody.


Included a raid on my house. That’s what it included. They didn’t raid-


They didn’t raid Biden’s house. You know what happened? They put him in the house. That’s the one where the Corvette, where the documents were laying all over the floor. That was fine. And you know who happens to be at Mar-a-Lago? Secret Service. And they’re phenomenal. I have Secret Service. He didn’t have Secret Service. The other thing, the vice president cannot declassify. He didn’t have the right to declassify. He has documents from when he was a senator and even Democrat senators say it. I can’t believe it. No, I went by the Presidential Records Act.


We were negotiating with NARA. And NARA has red flagged a thing called the Constitution of the United States and the Bill of Rights because they consider them dangerous documents. Those are the people we’re dealing with.


Not really. I would have the right to. By the way, they were declassified.


Not that I can think of. Let me just tell you, I have the absolute right to do whatever I want with them. I have the right. I was negotiating with NARA. Do you know what NARA is?


Extremely left group of people.


Extremely left. I was negotiating with them.


All of a sudden, they raided my house. They didn’t raid the house of Joe Biden. They didn’t raid Obama.


Joe Biden took 1850 boxes.


Are you ready? Are you ready? Can I talk?


Do you mind? Do you mind?


Okay. It’s very simple to answer.


It’s very simple. You’re a nasty person. I’ll tell you.


Very simple. I was negotiating and we were talking to NARA, that’s Washington, to bring whatever they want. They can have whatever they want. When we left Washington, we had the boxes lined up on the sidewalk outside for everybody. People had taken pictures of them. Everybody knew we were taking those boxes and the GSA, the government service, the GSA was the one taking them. They brought them down to Mar-a-Lago. We were negotiating with NARA. All of a sudden, they raid our house. When Biden has his documents, he won’t give back the 1,850 boxes and you’re going to find some real gems in there.


Because we were negotiating with them. We were negotiating with them as per the Presidential Records Act. We were negotiating with NARA. Very nice people.


But they got to love our constitution a little bit more, and they shouldn’t red flag it by the way. Very nice people. We were negotiating with ARA, and that’s what the Presidential Records Act says because Richard Nixon, surprisingly, had problems and he had a lot of problems dealing with NARA and they ended up passing legislation.


They called it the Presidential Records Act just for this kind of a thing. We were dealing with them. We were talking with them-


Excuse me, wait a minute. Wait, wait, wait. We were talking to them, we would’ve done it, but all of a sudden, they raided the house. Now why hasn’t the FBI raided Biden?


Why not?


Why did Biden… No, they didn’t take it.


Are you ready?


No, no. I don’t have anything. I have no classified documents. By the way, they become automatically declassified when I took them. But why?


Let me ask you a question. Why is it that Biden had nine boxes in Chinatown and he gets a lot of money from China? Why is that?


Why aren’t people bringing that up?


Why don’t they put this guy Jack Smith and his group of thugs-


Why don’t they put him in charge of that?


No, no. That’s at the University of Pennsylvania.


You’re so wrong. You don’t know the subject.


He had one at University of Pennsylvania, but he also had nine boxes in Chinatown.


She doesn’t understand it.


I did nothing wrong. It was a perfect phone call.


Perfect call. Yeah, sure.


Yeah. I called questioning the election. I thought it was a rigged election. I thought it had a lot of problems. I had every, I guess he’s Secretary of State, I called, listen to this. There are like seven lawyers in the call. Many of them from there. We’re having a call, we’re having a normal call. Nobody said, “Oh, gee, he shouldn’t have said that.” Why? If this call was bad, I questioned the election. If this call was bad-


I didn’t ask him to find anything. Let me just say.


If this call was bad-


I said you owe me votes because the election was rigged. That election was rigged. And if this call was bad, why didn’t him and his lawyers hang up? How dare you say that… This was a perfect phone call.


This was a call that was made to question the results of election and when we can’t make a call to question election results, then this country ought to just forget about it.


I was questioning the election.


Thank you very much.


You want a job?


Yeah, I’m looking for somebody very good.


Well, I’m the one that really wants to protect you. All of these fake investigations of me are about election interference. They think because I’m leading Biden by 11 points, seven points, nine points. I’m leading “Desanctimonious” by a lot, by 40 points or 45 points. I think he ought to just relax and take it easy and think about the future because right now his future’s not looking so good. I will tell you this, we are really putting it to Biden. But he’s putting it to himself because the economy stinks, inflation is horrible and the border is a disaster. By the way, way he got out of Afghanistan was the single most embarrassing moment in the history of our country.


Yeah, if I think it’s an honest election, absolutely I would.


You want me to answer it again? If I think it’s an honest election, I would be honored to. Right now we are so far ahead of both Democrat and Republican, and you know what? If I don’t win, this country’s going to be in big trouble. It’s so sad to see what’s happening.


If it’s an honest election, correct, I will.


Go ahead.


Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much, Katie. Good job. Thank you. Thank you very much. I like you guys. We love New Hampshire. Thank you. Thank you. Good luck.
