
Trying to resist these death spots and these stuff. And I stand before you tonight as your best hope of defeating the weaponized Biden and the very evil regime that his people, because it’s probably not him, because he doesn’t know where the hell he is, but that his people are pursuing. You can make the difference.(09:28)The Libertarian Party can make a big difference. The Libertarian Party can make a big difference. Together, we can make America freer than ever before for citizens of all backgrounds and all walks of life. We can unleash new hope, optimism, and energy. We can release limited government so that the people can have an unlimited future.(09:51)United, we will be unstoppable. If we unite, we are unstoppable. I will be a true friend to Libertarians in the White House. And I am proud to be the only president in 70 years who started no new wars. I took on the military-industrial complex. I broke the stranglehold on neocons and warmongers on the Republican Party.(10:28)And instead of war, I made peace in the Middle East, something nobody thought was possible. And dealt with Kim Jong Un of North Korea where a nuclear war was guaranteed to start in a very short period of time if Hillary Clinton became president. You know that would’ve been a nuclear war a hundred percent, and you would have never had the October 7th attack in Israel. It would’ve never happened.(10:54)And the attack in Ukraine by Russia would never, ever have happened. Wouldn’t have happened. Hundreds of thousands and even millions of people would be living today. I unbound the United States from globalist agreements that surrendered our sovereignty. I withdrew from the Paris Accord, I withdrew from the Anti-gun UN Arms Treaty, and I withdrew from the corrupt and very expensive World Health Organization, not a good thing. And this is so important, but I passed the most significant criminal justice reform in history. And perhaps my proudest accomplishment is to have exposed the depth of corruption in the Washington Swamp. Thanks to me, the entire world knows that the deep state is real, and the lamestream media is fake. It’s fake. A great Libertarian who may very well be in the room right now, I believe, but he’s a great Libertarian, Deroy Murdoch, who I’ve become friends with through his writings in the American Spectator in numerous other places, wrote an article yesterday in which he mentions just some of the things that make me a Libertarian without even trying to be one, that’s nice.(12:29)Deroy wrote, Donald J. Trump will address the Libertarian Party and his national convention on Saturday. The Libertarian Party should nominate Trump for President of the United States. Whoa. That’s nice. That’s nice. Only if you want to win. Only if you want to win. Maybe you don’t want to win. Maybe you don’t want to win. Thank you, Deroy. Thank you.(13:05)No, only do that if you want to win. If you want to lose, don’t do that. Keep getting your 3% every four years. The reasons for doing so, policy and politics are as solid as the Hope Diamond, deroy says this. “This event is very unprecedented.” He said. As the Cato Institute President, Peter Goettler observed in Thursday’s Washington Post, it will be the first time in US, think of this, first time in US history, that a presidential candidate of a rival party will address the convention of a party that is presumably gathering to nominate its own candidate.(13:53)Now, I think you should nominate me or at least vote for me and we should win together. You heard those words? Nominate me or vote. Vote for me because the Libertarians want to vote for me and most of them will. And it’s very important because we have to get rid of the worst president in history and together we will. And without it, there’s a risk that we could have four more years, we want have a country left.(14:29)So what is the purpose of the Libertarian Party getting 3%? What is the reason to take a chance of having this horrible president destroy our country? Which he will do in far less than four years. It’s not going to take four years. That is why I’m committing to you tonight than I will put a Libertarian in my cabinet and also Libertarians in senior posts. Pretty good. That’s pretty big.(15:08)Or you can keep going the way you have for the last long decades and get your 3%, then meet again, get another 3%. No, you want to make yourself winners. It’s time to be winners. You have a lot of common sense. It’s time to be winners. Well, think of it. I’m asking for the Libertarian Party’s endorsement or at least lots of your votes. Lots and lots of Libertarian votes based on my four-year very outstanding presidential record. Much of my record is Libertarian.(15:47)As an example, Deroy, thank you. Where is Deroy? Is he here? Deroy, where are you? He’s great. I like Deroy. I’ve liked him for a long time and he is a Libertarian. Thank you, Deroy. Thank you. Deroy wrote, the $1.5 trillion Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was America’s largest infusion of tax release. That’s it. Largest tax relief ever. It sliced individual tax rates for all taxpayers and slashed corporate tax rates from a punishing 35% to a globally competitive and much more than that, only 21%. Way down.(16:33)It was the largest tax cut in the history of our country. Now you can like it or you don’t have to like it. Immediate expensing of business equipment and other reductions fueled the best economy that our country has ever had. For four years, we had the best economy our country has ever had. Black and Hispanic unemployment reached the best levels in history.(16:59)Female joblessness slid to levels unseen before. Black poverty collapsed to record lows. And all of the things, income inequality shrank and it shrank at levels we’ve never witnessed. Between 2016 and 2019, real median household income grew, these were the Trump years. 16.4%, the highest ever to almost $10,000 per family. Think of that.(17:33)Number two, Trump cut red tape as never before. He promised to kill two old regulations for every new one. And in fact, he ended up actually scrapping eight for one, and he was going to 12 to one and doing numbers that were unbelievable. Thank you, Deroy, and I’m actually just quoting from the article that came out today from Deroy Murdoch.


He said number three, Trump fully restrained inflation. We had practically none. Prices were rising just 1.4% as he left office. And this was a fraction of the 9% inflation that lying Joe Biden repeatedly claims Trump handed him. No, he said we handed him. No, it went up to 9% after he took over the White House and created all the inflationary acts, he did a horrible job. The 30-year mortgage rate as Trump departed was 2.77% versus the almost 9% today. And by the way, even if you pay 9%, you can’t get any money. There’s no money available. Trump’s drill, baby drill approach fostered energy independence, which we’ve never had before. Low fuel and electricity prices helped moderate inflation and propel economic growth. But all of these things have now skyrocket. They have skyrocketed to levels, never seen. Inflation has hit us harder than it’s probably ever hit us before, and people are suffering because of it.(19:13)Trump promoted parental rights and school choice. Trump’s education department repealed the so-called guidance letter that turned on campus sexual harassment accusations into de facto criminal convictions. You know all about that. Who else would do that for you? Trump restored due process to the he said, she said minefield for your children. I know many, many people, what they’ve gone through with that is they’ve gone through hell in a powerful blow. Trump required universities to respect the First Amendment lest they lose their federal funds. I said, you don’t respect the First Amendment. We’re taking away all of your federal funding. Trump torpedoed Obamacare’s individual mandate and got rid of many of its taxes, medical price transparency, empowered consumers to shop for healthcare services and compare costs. And this is one of the biggest thing that’s happened. And it’s reducing the price of drugs and everything related to drugs and medical care at levels not seen before.(20:25)This will soon be happening. The competition is now slowing what were ballooning healthcare expenses. Trump signed Right to Try, terminally ill patients now can receive experimental and possibly life-saving treatments. And when at death’s door, what do these suffering Americans have to lose? What do they have to lose you ask? They are so thousands and thousands of people are now living because of Right to Try. Trump nominated some 300 constitutionalist federal judges a record, including a seldom seen three Supreme Court justices in one presidential term, very rarely seen before, if ever. Trump canceled and defunded federal diversity, equity and inclusion programs and other state-funded racism schemes.(21:25)The VA Mission Act which Trump signed, lets military veterans receive federally funded medical care in the private sector. If delays prevent their treatment in VA hospitals, in other words, if they’re delayed, they can go out and get a private doctor. We pay the bill, they go out, they get a private doctor, they get better. People were waiting online for two months, three months, five months, six months, and not anymore. Trump signed a measure that streamlined dismissals of federal bureaucrats who abuse America’s beloved veterans. He got NATO countries to pay hundreds of billions of dollars more for their protection, the only president who did so and substantially reducing what we were forced to pay. We got them to pay other nations to pay hundreds of billions of dollars that they weren’t paying. No other president was able to do that, reducing very substantially what we paid.(22:26)During the Trump administration, we had peace through strength. No wars other than the complete and total destruction of ISIS. And Deroy ended by saying that most libertarians would say this is a non-exhaustive roster of accomplishments like no other that it truly shines. So again, Deroy, thank you very much, Deroy Murdoch. I appreciate it. We could not have written that better. And as you say, there were many other things we did that were quite libertarian also. So I want to thank you very much. That was a great article. Thank you. Deroy Murdoch, thank you.(23:09)When I return to the White House, we will break the deep state grip on our democracy once and for all. I did far more than any other president in that regard. As an example, I inherited James Comey, a terrible, terrible person from the Obama administration. And very early on I fired him and lots of others at the FBI in addition to thousands and thousands of corrupt and unnecessary people throughout our government, and now we are going to finish the job.(23:46)We will root out the sickness that has taken over our Justice Department, our FBI, and other agencies. Our goal will be nothing less than the rebirth of fair, equal, and impartial justice under the constitutional rule of law. Since the day he took office, Joe Biden has worked to persecute political dissidents, including conservatives, Catholics, and other Christians and opponents of his weaponized state. Right now, the Biden DOJ is trying to put Christians in prison for 11 years for the crime of singing hymns. The moment I win the election, I will appoint a special task force to rapidly review the cases of every political prisoner who has been unjustly persecuted by the Biden administration, so that I can sign their pardons or commutations on day one.(24:39)And I want to ensure that Libertarians are helping to lead that task force. You’ll be on that task force, many of you. As everyone knows, it will be my great honor to pardon the peaceful January 6 protesters, or as I often call them, the hostages. They’re hostages. There has never been a group of people treated so harshly or unfairly in our country’s history. This abuse will be rectified and it will be rectified very quickly. And if you vote for me on day one, I will commute the sentence of Ross Ulbricht who was sentenced of time served.(25:59)He’s already served 11 years. We’re going to get him home. We’re going to get him home. I’m proud that I have put forward a detailed plan to smash the censorship and industrial complex and restore free speech. On day one, I will sign an executive order banning federal agencies from colluding to censor the lawful speech of American citizens. And we will remove the rogue bureaucrats who conspire to take away your First Amendment freedoms. We will do that quickly. I will once again slash a record number of liberty-destroying regulations. I will stop Joe Biden’s plan for the largest tax. He is going to give you the largest tax increase in the history of our country. And I will end that and I will make the Trump tax cuts the biggest in the history of our country. We will make them permanent tax cuts. We will also stop the massive Biden inflation tax,


A stealth tax by which Crooked Joe Biden is printing trillions and trillions of dollars and plundering it for the cronies and political friends that he’s got all over Washington. And we will cancel the Green New Deal, which is the Green New Scam. It’s a big scam. We will terminate Crooked Joe’s insane electric vehicle mandate. And we’re going to bring your energy costs down by 60 and 70% because we will drill, baby, drill. We’re going to drill, baby, drill. We will eliminate illegal government discrimination, return to a society based on individual rights and individual merit.


Thank you. And I will also stop Joe Biden’s crusade to crush crypto. We are going to stop it. I will ensure that the future of crypto and the future of Bitcoin will be made in the USA, not driven overseas. I will support the right to self-custody to the nation’s 50 million crypto holders. I say this with your vote. I will keep Elizabeth Warren and her goons away from your Bitcoin. And I will never allow the creation of a central bank digital currency. I will also immediately end the humanitarian disaster on our Southern border. We will end it quickly. You cannot have capitalism and also have open borders because you will soon be turned into a socialist nation, then a poor nation. And finally, you will be a failed nation. By ending the border crisis, which we will do immediately. We will save freedom, prosperity, and capitalism in America.(29:15)And before I even arrive at the Oval Office, shortly after we win the presidency, I will have the horrible war between Russia and Ukraine settled so we quit spending hundreds of billions of dollars to fight other people’s wars and so that we start immediately saving thousands and thousands of lives. And I am committed to restoring peace and restoring stability, and to stopping Joe Biden’s march to World War Three. You know you’re being led, right, into World War Three? You know that. You’re going to have World War Three and it’ll be a war like no other because of the weaponry, the massive weaponry. It will be a war like no other. We will stop it and I’m the only one that’s going to be able to stop it. I will protect American sovereignty from the creeping hands of global government. And as we speak, Joe Biden’s minions are in Geneva, secretly negotiating to surrender more of our liberty to the World Health Organization.(30:18)Drafts of the agreement show that they want to subjugate American to foreign nations, attack free speech, empower the World Health Organization to redistribute American resources. They’re going to take our money and send it all over the world to other countries that we need for our own citizens in the event of a pandemic. And it can happen again. I am hereby demanding that Joe Biden submit these monstrosities to the Senate as treaties. They have to be submitted as treaties because he cannot be allowed to do that. Destroy our country, he is. If he does not, I will rip them up and throw them out on day one of the Trump administration.(31:02)On education, we will cut federal funding for any school pushing Marxist and communist race and gender theories on our children. We will keep men out of women’s sports. And I will not give one penny to any school that has a vaccine mandate or a mask mandate. We will shut down our out-of-control federal Department of Education and give it back to the states and local governments. I will return power to the states, local governments, and to the American people. I am a believer in the Tenth Amendment. I will always defend religious liberty and the right to keep and bear arms. And I will secure our elections.(31:59)So in conclusion, to every freedom lover here today, and there are a lot of them, and all across our land, I say this is no ordinary election. Freedom itself is at stake. This will be the most important election in the history of our country. So if you want to strike a blow against the corrupt system in Washington, if you want to send a message to all of the people who want to take away your liberty, then right now in this election, we need your help. We need your support.(32:34)When I’m in the White House, you will always find an open door to the Oval Office. Together we are taking on some of the most menacing forces and vicious opponents our people have ever seen. But no matter how hateful or corrupt the communists and criminals we’re fighting are, and they are vicious and they are corrupt, you must never forget this nation does not belong to them. This nation belongs to you, belongs to you. This is your home. This is your heritage. And our American liberty is your God-given right. 2024 is our final battle. With your help, we will demolish the deep state. We will expel the warmongers from our government. We will drive out the globalists. We will cast out the communists, Marxists, and fascists. We will throw off the sick political class that hates our country and we will drain the swamp and we will restore and rescue our country from these tyrants and villains once and for all.(33:44)Ladies and gentlemen, the great liberation of America begins on November 5th, 2024. It will be the most important day in the history of our country. And the forgotten man and woman will be forgotten no longer. I want to thank you. I want your support. And again, you can either nominate us and put us in the position or give us your votes. And I would say nominate or give us your votes. But we want libertarian votes because you stand for what we stand for and don’t waste a vote and don’t allow the worst president in the history of our country to come back and do the final destruction of America. Thank you very much, everybody. God bless you. God bless you.
