
… increases in real family income, it went up by more than $6,000 a year. Never anything close. With no inflation, gas prices at a $1.87 a gallon. Think of that. Gas prices, I hate to tell you this, for all of those big tractors. Remember I told you? Go out, your farmers, we’re going to make a great deal with China. Everyone said, “You’ll never make that deal.” By the way. I don’t even talk about that deal because of COVID. It was just a step too far. I don’t even discuss it. I talk about USMCA, I talk about a lot of things, the deal we made with South Korea, with Japan. I don’t talk about the… Because it was a step too far, the COVID, what happened out of the Wuhan lab, which I said right from the beginning that’s where it came from. Now they’re all saying, “Well, Trump was right.” You ever see those hats, “Trump was right about everything”? It’s common sense, most of it. Trump was right about everything.(15:59)Under crooked Joe Biden, I took that name away from Hillary. That was a good day for her. She was so high, she celebrated that night. I don’t like using a name, but it just seemed, we used to say Sleepy Joe. We could call them both, but I think Crooked Joe Biden is better. I took it away from Hillary. Now we call her beautiful Hillary. She’s a beautiful woman. We call her beautiful Hillary. It’s a beautiful woman. Great beauty and We took it away. We are using crooked because for Joe, it does fit, let’s face it.(16:38)But under Biden, the 30-year mortgage rate recently hit a 23-year-high. I’m sure you’re thrilled about that, those of you that are looking for financing and have absolutely no chance of getting it. Because number one, they don’t give you money. Number two, if you get it, you have to pay a number that’s crazy. Under my leadership, it hit an all time low in history. Under my leadership, under what we did, we were talking about mortgage rates that were the lowest they’ve ever been for people going out and buying a house. That’s really good.(17:09)The Biden $2000 monthly payment buys you a house worth, as an example, $300,000. Under Trump it would’ve been $460,000. In other words, you picked up $160,000 just by having me as your president. That’ll happen again, except much more so. It’ll happen again. So, you pick up $160,000 in a very short period of time. Now it’s going to happen again, much bigger, because we’re going to do things like we’re going to close the wall. Very simple. We’re going to close the wall.(17:49)Don’t forget, we built 561 miles of wall. People hate to say that. If there’s a piece of wood laying on the ground, they say, “That was a renovation.” If there’s an old piece of steel that’s 40 years old, that used to be a little bit of a railing, they say, “That wasn’t…” We’re building these things that are 30 and 40 feet high to the exact specifications of Brandon Judd, who’s a fantastic guy, Tom Homan. They wanted exactly this. I said, “I’d like to use concrete plank.” They said, “No, it’s not as good. We need reinforced steel. We need rebar. We need concrete inside. We need all different materials.” I said, “That’s a little more expensive. You know that, right?” But we did everything they wanted. Then we have an anti-climb bar on top. That’s what that big steel panel is, which I never liked the look, but they say, “But it works much better. You can’t get by it.” It’s called anti-climb.(18:42)So I give you this little information. But we built 561, they said 460. But no, it’s 561. We were getting ready to do another 200. It was ordered, it was built, it was all done. The hard part was done and laying there. Then we had a rigged election. Then Biden came in and now they’re selling that for 5 cents on the dollar I understand. Now he said, “Let’s go out and build a wall.” You believe this guy? This wall, they’re going to have to have brand new stuff. This is the craziest. When foreign countries watch all of this, they can’t believe it. They say, “How can anything…” And don’t kid yourself, the stupidity of Afghanistan, what happened there is one of the reasons that Putin went in, and one of the reasons that China’s so aggressive all of a sudden. They weren’t aggressive with me at all. They were very nice. They were very nice. I got along very well with them. They weren’t aggressive.(19:39)Putin would’ve never gone into Ukraine. He would’ve never even thought about going. We talked about it. They hated that I got along with him. They think it’s a terrible thing to get along. They said about President Xi. They asked me. I said, “Yes. He’s a very smart man.” The headlines, “Trump says that President Xi of China is smart.” Meaning it’s a compliment. I said, “No. What am I supposed to say?” He controls with an iron fist, 1.4 billion people, and they want me to say he’s a dummy? He’s not a dummy. They’ve got our number now because we’ve got a dummy. We have a legitimate dummy. We have a legitimate dummy.(20:21)So together, all of us, we created the greatest economy in the history of the world. In fact, we really did it twice. We did it after COVID. COVID came in. Nobody knew what the hell it was. We did an incredible job. We’ve never gotten enough credit for the job we did with COVID, but that’s okay, because we got a lot of credit for other things, and we got a lot of credit for the economy. But we did it twice. We built back the economy. The stock market was actually higher when we handed off on January 20th. The stock market was higher than it was just before the China virus came in. I call it the China virus because I like being accurate. It’s good to be. I also fought for, and nobody did this, I fought for the farmers. There’s never been a president that fought so hard for the farmers and did so much for the farmers. How many people in this room are actual farmers? Real? Okay. That’s good. That’s pretty good. That’s pretty good. Everybody’s indirectly related. She’s a farmer, definitely. A good-looking farmer you are. But also, in addition to the $28 billion, we ended the NAFTA disaster. It’s the worst trade deal ever made in the history of our country. We replaced it with what many say is the best trade deal, the USMCA, that’s Mexico-Canada. That deal is so good that Mexico and Canada are trying to renegotiate the deal now with the Biden Administration. I hope they’re not going to be successful. For years, we had to suffer with NAFTA that we make a great deal and they want to renegotiate the deal they better not renegotiate it.(22:14)Under, and unlike Ron DeSanctimonious, I’ve been unwavering because he was against ethanol, totally against. Now all of a sudden he came out for it the other day. I’m so impressed. One thing about a politician, because I’ve dealt with politicians all my life. Then all of a sudden I never thought I’d be one, and I guess I am a politician. But I will say one thing, you always see with a politician, whatever they’re in first, that’s where they go. So, he’s coming. I heard he made some fairly positive statements about ethanol last week, finally, because he tried to kill it entirely. But guaranteed one thing for certain, he will try and kill it as soon as the election’s over. If he wins, I think it will be an electoral miracle based on the numbers. But he’ll go back. Ron also, and some of the others, but Ron was very destructive on social security. He wanted to raise the minimum age and he wanted to toy with it, and he wanted to weaken it. And I said, “These people, they deserve it.” We can do other things like we can make so much money by doing a thing called drill, baby, drill. We don’t need this. We don’t need this. We have more oil and gas than any country in the world. Most people don’t know that. It’s very good, high quality, not like Venezuela. Do you believe we’re buying their tar? They have tar. It’s very thick, very heavy, costs a lot. You know where it gets refined? For the environmentalists in the crowd. Let’s see. There’s a woman back there. For the environmentalists that hate this whole concept, it’s cleaned and refined, in Houston, Texas. So this tar gets brought in because it’s very, very heavy and very not good. But with money, you can make it beautiful. You can make it into a fine champagne if you want.(24:05)But what happens is they bring it in and all of those fumes go into the air in America. Isn’t it great? So when I left, we had Venezuela on the run. We would’ve had something, and now they’re buying oil from Venezuela. The whole thing is crazy. It’s like April Fools. Everything’s the same. We want open borders. We want no voter ID. Think of it. Everything they want is the opposite of what it should be. They take the oil from Venezuela, make the dictatorship wealthy as hell. They’re sending out all the people. You’re going to have 15 rich people living in Venezuela with numbers that are going to be staggering. But Venezuela was ready to do an old foldo, and then this guy came along and he started buying their oil, I don’t even call it oil, but buying their oil in numbers that nobody’s ever seen before. It’s a horrible thing that’s happened.(24:58)I can say the same thing for Iran. We were not allowing China to buy. I said, “Don’t buy because if you buy there, we’re not going to let you do any business in the United States.” They said, “Like I said, we won’t buy.” They didn’t. We were ready to make a deal with Iran. Had the election not been turned out the way it did. I’m trying to be nice, right? Had it not turned out the way it did… When I say that, I mean, had the election not been rigged, we would’ve had a deal. We would’ve had a deal with Iran. We would’ve had no inflation. Russia would’ve never, ever in a million years gone into Ukraine. And they didn’t.(25:36)Somebody said, “Well, how do you know?” I said, “Because for four years it wasn’t even a thought.” And I told Putin, “You can’t do it.” And I told him what would happen if he did. He said, “No, you won’t do that.” I said, “I will do 100%, Vladimir. You and I are friends.” My father always used to say, take the lumps out. I said, “Vladimir, you and I are friends. We’re good friends. But if you go in, we’re going to hit real hard.” I can’t tell you what I told him because it would be not a nice thing. But he said, “No way you would do that. There’s no way.” I said, “Way.” They go, “No way.” And you know what? The end result, I did a poor job. He didn’t believe me. But you know what? He believed me 10% and that was enough. He never went in.(26:17)But there’s another reason he wouldn’t go in. You’re close to $100, you’re going to be over $100 a barrel very soon. You were at $100 after a short period of time with Biden. This guy was making a fortune. They were making a fortune in Russia and other countries with the oil. With me, I was at $40 a barrel, $30 a barrel. We were selling gasoline for much lower than the number I just gave you. We had times when we were actually lower. That’s why I told you to go out and buy more land and bigger tractors. Remember that? I said, “Don’t worry about it. Just go out, buy more land and bigger tractors.” A lot of you did. The ones that did came out very well because I made all those deals for the farmers and for your state.(26:59)But just think about it with him, I said two things. Number one, you can’t do it. Number two, the oil price at $40 a barrel doesn’t allow him to prosecute a war because they make money, but not that much, and they have to run a country. At $100 a barrel, they make a fortune. He’ll be the first person to make a lot of money because right now they’re making a tremendous amount of money. Isn’t it interesting that Biden keeps talking about Ukraine and all? And everybody feels badly for Ukraine. One thing I have a problem with though is Europe, which is right there. Europe is essentially the size of us. If you add all the countries together, it’s basically the size of the United States. So if you look at it, Europe, so they’re at $25 billion and we’re $200 billion. Only a stupid person would make that deal. Why would they do that?(27:55)I did that with NATO too. Do you remember? I said, “No, wait a minute. Everybody owes us money.” They were delinquent. Almost every country was delinquent. And I said, “You can’t be delinquent. You have to pay. Otherwise, we’re not going to protect you.” The head of a country actually stood up in a closed meeting, the press knew about it, very little reporting because it was too positive and said, “Sir, does that mean that if we get attacked by Russia and we aren’t paid up, you will not protect us?” I said, “Yes, that’s exactly what that means.” Now, normally that would be a very controversial subject, but what happened is the money, hundreds of billions of dollars came pouring in.(28:36)Secretary General Stoltenberg, who’s the head of NATO, was then, is now, good man. I don’t know if he’d still say this, but he said, “Trump, that’s the greatest job I’ve ever seen.” He’d been working for his entire term, trying to get other countries to pay and he couldn’t. When I came in, the money was pouring in gravy. So, it was a great thing. That’s the money they have right now. But now we’re doing the same thing. All you have to do is ask. If I ask you, I say, “Look, here’s the problem. We’re in for $200 billion and we have an ocean separating us. You’re in for $25 billion and you have no ocean separating you. Why aren’t you paying up?” They would say, “Well, blah, blah, blah.” They always have… But if I say to pay up, they’ll pay up. They should equalize. If they’re going to do this, they should equalize.(29:24)Why are we $175 billion more? I can tell you why, because we have stupid people representing us. That’s why. It’s not a hard thing to sell. It’s not a hard thing to sell. They understand it. Actually, I went to some countries and I got deals so easy. They said, “We’ve been waiting for you. We’ve been waiting.” They just immediately agreed because it was so ridiculous. Japan, prime Minister Abe was a great man. As you know, a horrible thing happened. Shinzo, one of the people I liked the most, and assassinated, can you believe it? Assassinated.


But he was an amazing guy. And I said, “Japan’s really taken advantage of the United States, and so we have to do something.” He said, “I know.” I said, “What do you mean?” He said, “I know. I know you’re going to be coming.” And we ended up making an incredible deal, for farmers, manufacturers and everybody else. I mean, we had a horrible deal. We ended up making it a fair deal. A fair deal, a very good deal. They’re tough to negotiate with, but a very good deal. He was a great guy. He was somebody that we missed.(30:28)We created the strongest border in U.S. history, you know that, right? Built nearly 500 miles. We got Mexico to give us free of charge, 28,000. So when these characters say, “Oh, Mexico.” When I say Mexico will pay for the wall, they did, much more so than the wall. They gave us 28,000 soldiers for free. That’s why we had the safest border in the history of our country. We had 28,000 soldiers while I was building the wall. They were adding that other 200 miles. We would’ve done it. We would’ve had that done within three weeks. All we had to do is install the panels. They were all built.(31:03)Those are the ones you see sitting all over the ground. It’s horrible. When I look at that, when I look at all of those things that we did, and then I just see the destruction that there’s never been a president in the history of our country that’s done a job so poorly, that’s been so incompetent, so corrupt. There’s never been anything like it. And I say oftentimes I’ll say, you’ll hear me say, “You could take the five worst presidents in the history of our country, and they will have not… You can add them up and they will not have done the damage that crooked Joe Biden has done. And I mean that a hundred percent.(31:41)And now I could add it. I think I could probably say, take the 10 worst presidents, he’s a horrible president. The only one that loves him, really loves him, is Jimmy Carter. Jimmy Carter’s in this. Thank you. I got that thing off my back. No, I think Jimmy Carter’s going to go down as one of the greatest presidents in history by comparison to crooked Joe Biden. I think Jimmy was great. So it’s nice. He’s pretty old, and he might even say, “I really like Trump.” He actually used to say, “I really like Trump. I really like Trump.” Then the Democrats got to him, but he changes to him pretty quickly.(32:26)But he did. He liked me. But he’s the one, he’s very happy with the job that Joe Biden is doing, which is basically a non-job. If he would’ve gone to the beach, he’s got a consultant somewhere. This is the worst consultant in politics, that thinks he looks good in a bathing suit, right? Now he spends so much time at the beach. How do you do that? And I have a much better body than him, but I’m not really sure that I want to expose it, with the sun blaring down in the sand, the surf, the wind. I mean, it’s not a pretty sight.(33:07)And they make those chairs. They’re actually miracles. They weigh like three ounces. They’re meant for a child to carry. A child, or a very old person to carry. Very, very old, I mean really old. And they weigh like ounces, right? He can’t lift it. Remember what he said? “I’d like to take him to the back of the barn.” And I’d show up, I think I could go like this, and he’d go down. No, I think so. I hit a long ball, I hit a long ball in golf, I hit a long ball in golf, I’m a good golfer and all that stuff. This guy, I could hit a drive, it would take him four shots to catch up to where my drive is.(33:55)But he used to talk about how he wants to take me to the back. And the press never criticized him for that. If I said that about him, they’d say, “How violent, he’s bringing violence into the equation.” Now, these are sick people. But if you want a president who leaves $500 million worth of wall materials, think of this, rusting in the desert, rusting in the sand, while illegal aliens stampede into your communities, walking over those panels, just walking right over them. They’re laying there rusting and routing, brand new, beautiful stuff, then you should vote for crooked Joe Biden.(34:35)If on the other hand, you want a president who will seal the border, and by the way, let people come into our country, but they have to come in legally. Is that okay? But we have to stop the invasion and reclaim our sovereignty on day one. And that’s what we will do, we will claim, because right now we don’t even have a nation between our bad elections and our open borders. You need borders and you need elections, and then you start going from there. And we have horrible open borders. Who would even think… Think of it, the people coming in, think of it. They’re from prisons and jails. There is a slight difference.(35:16)They’re from mental institutions and insane asylums. There is a slight difference. A insane asylum is like Silence of the Lamb stuff. That’s serious stuff. That’s Hannibal Lecter. How good an actor was he? How good an actor was he? Did he play a good role, right? But insane asylums, they’re emptying them out. Mental institutions. And then of course, terrorists are coming in. And in 2019 there was a report, I saw it on one of the fake news channels, but in this case, I don’t think it was fake.(35:48)They said that for 2019, I think the year was, they caught no terrorists, there were no terrorists coming into our country. And last month, as you know, they reported the highest number of terrorists that they’ve ever reported coming into our country. We’re going to be paying a price, we’re going to have the largest deportation operation in history, but we’re going to be paying the price.(36:19)So as you also know, I appointed nearly 300 judges and three great Supreme Court justices who gave us incredible, incredible victories. Last week, I don’t know, two weeks ago… If you go to college and you have bad marks and they let you in, but they don’t let somebody else, it’s called the merit system. They approved the merit system. Even I was surprised by that. They approved a merit system. So now you get into places, but in particular in this case, colleges, you have good marks and somebody has bad marks. You get in before other people got in for all sorts of reasons. They approved the merit system, is what this country is all about. Is that amazing?(36:59)And something that when politicians learn how to talk about it, they ended Roe v. Wade, they ended it. And politicians just don’t know how to talk about it. And we talk about it, and we talk about it proudly, but they ended Roe v. Wade. But I watched some of the politicians, some of your local politicians, actually talking about it, they don’t understand the Democrats or the radicals because they’ll kill a baby in four months, five months, six months, seven months, eight months, nine months, and even after birth, they’re allowed to kill in some cases after birth.(37:39)You remember the crazy former governor of Virginia, where he was explaining what happens. And then if it’s after the ninth month and the baby is born, you put the baby aside, you discuss with the mother, and if the mother doesn’t want the baby, we execute the baby. This is part of their thing. Now think of it. So they’re the radicals, but you have to say that, they always make the pro-lifers, the radicals. They’re the radicals. And when you think, now I happen to be like Ronald Reagan, the exceptions, rape, incest, life of the mother, the exceptions, three exceptions. I happen to be there, I think 75% or so. I see polls, I don’t know, you have to follow your heart.(38:25)But very hard to win elections without that, to be honest. Very hard to win. But you have to be able to speak about the subject. What happened was an incredible… It was an incredible thing. They’ve been trying to get it for 52 years. They failed. For 52 years exactly, they’ve been trying to get it, get it terminated, bring it back to the states. So many different things we won. But before we had no power to negotiate, a pro-lifer had no power to negotiate. Now you have massive power to negotiate, and something will be negotiated, because you have two sides to every… Here you have people with other views, but we have a very strong view.(39:02)But we had no power whatsoever until I came along and appointed three people that made this possible. And so you have now massive power to negotiate. And remember, again, you have to say, I mean, again, you have to follow your heart, but the exceptions. But you have to say, and it’s so important, you have to say, “They are the radicals. We are not the radicals.” You can’t kill… One thing, every poll says, regardless of what side you’re on, and it’s very even, it’s about 49/51, and then it’s 51/49. It switches over the years. For decades, it switched. But you have to be able to say what’s in your heart.(39:45)You have to be able to fight for that issue, if you believe in that issue. And a lot of people believe in that issue. But now for the first time, you have tremendous power to talk and to negotiate. The one thing the polls all say is that after the fourth month, or at least a certain number of months, everybody, no matter how much on the other side of the issue they are, don’t want to see the baby killed. Everybody. And under Roe v. Wade, they could execute the baby at any time. You remember when I said with the debate, you rip the baby out of the womb with Hillary. I said, “She’s willing to rip the baby out of the womb in the ninth month.”(40:29)And the whole place winced. Even she winced, because nobody wants to see after a certain time, any time, but after a certain time, almost 100 percent of the people agree, in the seventh month, the eighth month, the fourth month, but the ninth month and after birth, they don’t want to see that happen. They don’t want to see that take place. So when you speak about it properly, perhaps like I just spoke about it, I don’t know. But when you speak about it properly, otherwise it’s been a very devastating issue. That’s what happened in the midterms. You had politicians that had no idea how to talk about the issue.(41:08)It was new. It was shocking because nobody thought it would happen. I got that for you, and I got that for a lot of people that they consider that to be the greatest achievement. But I just say, speak about it properly. Speak about it right. It’s an amazing thing that happened. And now you have tremendous powers of negotiation. And some people say, “Oh, Trump isn’t pro-life enough.” And other people look at him and say, “I don’t care what he’s saying. That’s the guy that got us here to talk in the first place. Because nobody else could have done it. Nobody else could have done.” So you’re going to speak about it. You’re going to speak about it properly and intelligently.(41:50)It’s a very, very complex issue and all. But we did a tremendous thing, because remember nobody at a certain period of time, nobody wants to see death to those babies. Nobody. You could say almost the most radical people on the other side. The Hamas terrorist invasion of Israeli territory, and the murder of Israeli soldiers today, and the brutal murder of citizens is an act of savagery that must and will be crushed, it has to be. It has to be dealt with very powerfully. This is a time where the United States needs leadership. We don’t have leadership.(42:35)But Israel is at war, and the United States obviously is going to stick with Israel, and strongly. The war happened for two reasons. The United States is giving and gave to Iran $6 billion. 6 billion, over hostages. Over hostages. And there was a very good trade. They got five hostages. We got five hostages. Okay, that’s the good news. The bad news is, and their hostages were tough, by the way. I have to tell you, that was… Okay. Let’s assume they’re doing just fine. But it was five for five. But in addition to that, we agreed to free up $6 billion. And that is a absolute disaster.(43:25)And I would not be at all surprised if part of that tremendous wealth that they just accumulated went into all of a sudden watching this level of aggression. They didn’t have that level of aggression with me. They didn’t have it. This would’ve never happened with me either. You know what wouldn’t have happened? Ukraine wouldn’t have happened. Taiwan and all this tough talk with Taiwan wouldn’t have happened. And what’s going on with Israel right now, people were shocked. I was in shock, because two weeks ago we gave them $6 billion.(43:53)Think of it. So we get five, they get five. But the difference is we have to give 6 billion. 6 billion! Does anyone know what a billion is? $ 6 billion. It’s like it’s water. And we have now, our country is a perceived, we’re really a country that’s looked at with this tremendous perceived weakness with a grossly incompetent and corrupt president. He’s an incompetent man. He’s corrupt. I don’t know if he makes it to the start and get, I hope, I guess in a way he does, we want to… And I say it all the time, and I mean it 100 percent. I would rather that Joe Biden right now, instead of being one of the worst presidents.(44:33)And I think without question, the worst president, the most corrupt president, the most incompetent. I would rather have him be a great president, even though that would mean likely we wouldn’t be doing this. Either that or we wouldn’t win. But if he were a great president and our country was doing well, and we were respected throughout the world, and we wouldn’t have all of what’s happening in our cities. Our Democrat run cities are really going to hell. They’re


… going to hell. When you look at stores being looted by hundreds of people that run into the stores and run out with television sets and our great policemen aren’t allowed to do anything. They want to, but they’re not allowed, they don’t want to lose their families, they don’t want to lose their sons and daughters and their houses and their pensions and all of that, and they could stop it very quickly. And we just allow them to roam in and roam out, everybody’s out there. You have cameras, these same cameras are out there shooting these people walking out with television sets.(45:29)Then you announce these big department stores and drug chains are leaving the city. You look at what’s gone on with New York and San Francisco and Chicago and Los Angeles, and they have one thing in common; they’re run by liberal Democrats that they don’t want to do anything. The murderers, they leave murderers alone. Like we have an Attorney General in New York, she’s grossly incompetent, she’s an evil person. She’s a terrible, terrible Attorney General. People, businesses are fleeing. She goes after Trump, but she doesn’t go after murderers all over the place. And we have to get that, we just have to get that changed.(46:08)So if you think about it, four years ago we did something that, everyone said, “Trump is going to get the Nobel Peace Prize.” I said, “No, I won’t because they won’t do that.” They gave it to Obama immediately upon taking office and he actually said he has no idea what he got it for. I did more deals to save people’s lives, but I did something called the Abraham Accords with some tremendously talented people in the administration. And had the election been on the up and up, we would’ve had that whole thing would’ve been signed, sealed, and I think I would’ve had Iran in there too. I think you would’ve had massive peace, but the Abraham Accords is a phenomenal thing.(46:51)But think of it, so four years ago we had the Abraham Accord, and today we have Israel being attacked, being attacked, viciously attacked. It’s a big deal. It was a big attack with a lot of dead people all over the place. Who would think that? And the only difference is, I believe it’s the difference between one president and another president. And there are many other things. You wouldn’t have inflation, because energy caused inflation and this guy stopped. You wouldn’t have Ukraine, because at $30 and $40 a barrel, he wouldn’t be able to afford it, but I say much more importantly, he wouldn’t have done that to me. I told him not to. |You can’t do it. You can’t do it, Vladimir.” And he wouldn’t have done it.(47:36)But even if he wanted to, he wouldn’t have been able to at $30 or $40 a barrel, wouldn’t have been able to prosecute that war, wouldn’t have been able to do it. And you wouldn’t be having all the problems that you have right now with China. China’s become very hostile. They weren’t hostile with me. They weren’t hostile with me. They called me sir. They don’t call him sir. You know what they call him? Can you imagine what they say about him after he leaves? They say, “Do you believe that?” They think it’s a trick that I’m playing on them. They think I’m playing a trick because we were doing very well with China, they gave us hundreds of billions of dollars, not one president in this country, not one got 10 cents from China. Many presidents, not one. I got hundreds of billions of dollars from China. So, we’re going to obliterate the deep state. We did a lot of work on that. We got rid of Comey and a lot of guys, but then we got the whole thing with that dust flying over from China. We had to do it, but we’re getting rid of the deep state. They’re bad. They’re hurting our country. You look at what they’re doing with weaponization and now it’s politics. It’s, “Let’s indict Trump,” or whoever it may be. I mean that would mean that if I were elected and I had somebody hot on my tail, I mean we’re beating him by a lot, I say, “That guy’s doing really well. Indict him for something.” Very easy. Indict him for walking across the street incorrectly, gets indicted, he’s out of the race.(49:16)Now, the nice part about my indictments is they’ve driven us up because people realize they’re fake and phony and they’re political. I’m the only man in the history of politics in the United States of America who got indicted four times. You know Al Capone? Did anybody ever hear of Alphonse Capone? He was a seriously vicious gangster. He didn’t get indicted four times, only once. And I got my whole life, I never heard the word practically, and now all of a sudden within a few weeks, it’s like [inaudible 00:49:52]. And how about going home? First Lady, I have a little news for you. What? I just got indicted or they intend to indict me because I called the election rigged. They wrote books about it. And what about Hillary? What about all the Democrats? About what they said about 2016? To this day, oh, they’ve gotten very quiet lately. Do you notice that? They’ve gotten very quiet lately.(50:17)No. I’m the only person that ever got indicted whose poll numbers shot up through the roof, because the people, because the people of our country, they know me. They know me and they say, “Wow.” And I also have a voice. I’m able to speak about it. I mean a normal politician gets indicted, and we’ve seen it hundreds of times over the years, they go to a microphone about 15 seconds after getting the pink slip. “Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to announce that I’m going home to my family. I will fight, fight, fight for the rest of my life to get out.” Do you understand? This is standard. With me it’s different. We’ve gone up through the roof. We have the highest poll numbers anyone’s ever seen because people know that these are corrupt, they’ve weaponized our Department of Justice, they’ve weaponized the FBI.(51:11)You see what they’re doing to many other people, Catholics, school, parents, look at what they’re doing to parents. Who would think that a politician has to get up today and say, “We will stop the mutilization of your children? They mutilize your children. We’re going to stop it.” If you said that 10 years ago, people would say, “Is this guy crazy? Who would think?” And I mean can you believe what they’re doing? We will fight for parental rights. No, no, but you have to say that. No, no. Who would think you have to say that? Who would think you have to say that? Who would think you have to say, “We will not allow men to participate in women’s sports?” Right? I mean 10 years ago, if you made these statements, they’d say, “Why are they making these stupid statements? Is this some kind of a… What’s going on here?” They wouldn’t understand it. We have to make those statements.(52:14)Women are now finally starting, and they were afraid to speak up, even on the same team. The swimmer, giant guy, Wilt Chamberlain had a small wingspan compared to this guy. And I tell the story, she looks left, she sees people, top of the line swimmers, all-American swimmers. Great. Sort of been swimming against the same people because it’s like a pyramid, you go up and you got that little group of people, golf, baseball, swimming, anything, weightlifting. The weightlifting is the worst because it shows it’s so obvious. But she looks left, she sees her friends that she’s been competing with for 10 years. She looks right, she sees the same friends she’s competing with, but she’s going to break that record. But she notices a person standing alongside of her and he’s looking up. She’s looking up and he’s a giant. But he transitioned.(53:09)And I always say, and she goes, “This is going to be more difficult than I thought.” She wants to break the record and she goes in and then she’s sadly, sadly, you know what happened to her, badly injured. She was injured because the speed of him going by her was so fast that the wind knocked the hell out of her. She was badly… She suffered from massive wind burn, massive, but she’s okay now. No, it’s so ridiculous. And the guy finishes the race and he sits down to relax while they’re… It’s so horrible for women, it marginalizes them it’s so bad. And they don’t speak up enough.(53:51)The weightlifter you saw the other day, I think it was 150 pound difference, a young woman, the top of her class, the top, the best, and they put a quarter of an ounce on one side, quarter of an ounce, a quarter of an ounce on the other and she couldn’t make it. I don’t like to do this because you know my wife? I have a wonderful wife, the great First Lady who’s very popular. She says to me, “Darling, I don’t like when you do the weightlifting thing or even the swimming thing because it doesn’t look presidential.” I said, “Let me tell you, it’s much easier to look presidential than it is to do the shtick that I have to do at these places.” And this is why we have… And she doesn’t like when I dance a little bit going off.(54:42)Okay, she’s watching now. Okay, we’ll put it nicely. I was going to say, is the president, is she wrong or right? We’re not going to do that. We’re going to say it a little different. Who likes to see just a tiny little dance on the way up?(54:59)Okay. And you promise you’ll vote for me even though it doesn’t look totally presidential? By the way, I won’t be doing that dance in the right places, you understand that. We do that dance because we’re actually happy because we see something happening, we’re going to turn this country around. That’s worthy, that’s worthy of dancing. But we’re going to stand up to communist China. We’ll secure the elections. We’ll fully defend our Second Amendment, which is under siege. You know that. Four years I didn’t do a thing, we didn’t touch it, and that was not easy. We will bring back free speech in America and we’ll defend the Judeo-Christian values of our nation’s founding. And just in finishing, and it’s been an honor to be with you today, it’s really fun. It’s really fun. When you have love in the room, I have friends that say, “How do you do it? How do you get up before a crowd like that?” I got all these maniacs in the back doing with the television too. That’s a lot of people, it’s millions of people. “How do you do it?” And I say, “It’s easy because there’s so much love in these rooms.” It’s true. It’s much easier. If there was great hostility, it is, it’s much tougher. But there’s incredible love in these places that I go to all over the country. There’s never been anything like it. There’s never been more enthusiasm. I’ve never seen anything like it. And all we have to do, we have to hold for one year, we got to do our January, for your state. You got to do it. Iowa in January.(56:48)So on January 15th, it’s a Monday, show up. You got to do that. You got to show up and grab your friends and get in there, defeating crooked Joe Biden. I think it’s one of the most important things. Can you imagine this guy with more time? Even having him in there for a year is horrible because the damage he’s doing to our country, because we have to do something. I don’t know if you looked at the border pictures today, thousands and thousands, they’re pouring into the country and they don’t do anything about it. And look, they can’t be stupid because anybody that can cheat on elections like that’s not stupid. They either are stupid or they hate our country because all of these things, no voter ID, why won’t they approve voter ID? We want to have… Why? The only reason they won’t approve voter ID is because they want to cheat. There’s no other reason.(57:47)The Democrat National Convention that was held, the last one, they had IDs that were so big, that were so egregious, it was sort of like this. It was like this. It was chained around their neck. It was like that. Face, fingerprints, everything. They had everything. But not for voting. We don’t want it for voting. If you buy a loaf of bread, you got to have your ID out. But for voting, you don’t. No. It’s a horrible thing. These are people with bad intentions. That’s all it is.(58:22)So, we’re going to defeat crooked Joe. We’re going to defeat the Democrats. We’re going to turn our country around. We’re going to make it great. We’re going to make it better than ever before. We have to move though. We have to move. So text and we want you to get involved. And so text Iowa to 88022 or sign up at ia.donaldjtrump.com and get involved. We kept you first. You know that, right? It was only me. It wasn’t anybody else. No other politician. I hope other politicians around don’t take credit for it. Brad, I don’t think they take credit for it, do they? The only one I’ll give credit for is Brad. Brad might, because he wouldn’t let me do that, right? He was a great guy, that guy.(59:08)It’s funny, those early people, you just never forget them, right? I’ll tell you, you never forget them. I got to get him to run for another office. I think he’s been there, they love him so much. He’s shaking his head. They love you so much, they wouldn’t let you do it, your people. But I just want to say, we have to win this. We have to win it big, go out and caucus. We’re going to do numbers that we’ve never done. We have to. If we don’t take back our country, we’re not going to have a country. If we do take back our country, our country will be greater than ever before. I promise you that. Thank you very much, Iowa. Thank you. It’s a great honor. God bless you all. God bless you all. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much.
