
Hello.


Thank you. This is a nice crowd.


And you know what else? They fight for themselves and they’ve been fighting for a long time, and we’re going to make your fight easier. It’s very important, going to make it easier. What’s happened to our country in the last almost four years now, it’s hard to believe, but if you look at the borders, if you look at inflation, you look at the Afghanistan disaster, the most embarrassing time in the history of our country, I think the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country, Afghanistan, the way they did… Not getting out. I was getting out with dignity, strength. The way they got out was the most embarrassing thing that ever happened. Probably led to Putin going into Ukraine, probably. He looked at it. He said, “These people aren’t very good, are they?” He would’ve never done that with me. So we’re all in this together. We got to win the election, November 5th.


China.


No, China took over and one of the things, get out. We were there for 20 years. I said, “What are we doing here?” So we get the hell out, but I had a talk with the Taliban and we didn’t lose one soldier in 18 months until this catastrophe happened when they took over. But one of the things, aside from everything else, we left, we spent billions of dollars years ago to build a big air base. And you knew that one from your own time.


A big one. A really good one. Powerful, runways, long runways. And you know what happened? I’ll tell you, they gave it up, and it was one hour away from where China… Forget about Afghanistan. One hour away from where China builds its nuclear weapons, would’ve been very nice to have. And China now occupies that air base. So it’s terrible. It’s terrible.


Good.


Where’s Reid? There he is. Hi, Reid.


Nice looking guy.


Hi, Reid.


All right, good. It’s a great question and a lot of people have this question. First of all, it’s too expensive to build the homes and they’re building them and they cost a fortune. And 30% of the cost in some locations is the cost of planning and certificates and all a lot of nonsense they do. They make you go through hell and it takes years to get them. Zoning approvals, all of the approvals you need. We’re going to get rid of a lot of that, but most importantly, we’re going to get interest rates brought way down. We had interest rates at 2%, and now they’re at 10% and you can’t get the money. We had 2% and there was plenty of money for everybody.(11:34)And I call the home part of the American dream. We’re going to create the American dream for young people and for older people too, by the way. We’re not going to forget. I happen to be a very young man, but we’re not going to forget the older people. We’re not going to forget the older people. By the way, no tax on Social Security benefits for the older people, for those. I guess somebody said, “Oh, he’s got a conflict of interest because he benefits by that.” I’ll give mine up if you want. I saved tax, but no, we’re going to do that for the older people. That’s a big deal because you’ve been eaten alive with inflation and all I’m doing is getting you back to even. I think when we do that, we’re probably just getting you… You have fixed income and you went up numbers like 30, 40, 50, depending on what they include. They like to say it was a 20% increase. It wasn’t. It was 30%, 40% and 50%, depending on what they want to include.(12:32)So we’re going to do that, but Reid, getting back to you. We’re going to drill, baby, drill. We’re going to have so much energy and we’re going to bring prices down because your prices are up. Don’t forget, the damage is done. We have the worst president and the worst vice president in the history of our country by far. And let me tell you, she’s worse than him and he’s actually… I didn’t think I’d ever say this about anybody. She’s more dangerous than him, but he’s actually smarter than her. I never thought I’d say that. I never thought I’d say that, but look, we’re going to get it down. We’re going to drill. We’re going to get the energy down. When the energy comes down, prices are going to come down, all of that, prices. Because when they say, “Oh…” Although they had very bad inflation numbers last month, you saw that-


Very, very bad inflation numbers, despite the big… They did this big drop, probably too big a drop. I’m not going to get into that, but we’re going to get the prices down because the damage has been done. If we had no inflation now, such damage has been done. In my opinion, the biggest inflation in the history of our country. They didn’t include a lot of the bad numbers. I’ll give you an example on housing and on different things like crime statistics are fake. They were fake statistics. They didn’t include some cities that were really bad. So the crime looked like it was just bad as opposed to being horrific. Jobs, 818,000 fake jobs they added, and they padded the job numbers a couple of months ago so that they’d look better on jobs. 818,000, they were fake. They were fraudulent jobs and they thought they’d announced the real numbers after the election, but we had a whistleblower or somebody that let it out.(14:26)So they cheated us on, think of that, 818,000 jobs. They cheated. Usually when you have those numbers, it’s 9,000 jobs off it. This is almost 1,000,000 jobs off. It’s not even possible. So we’re going to bring things and Reid, you’re going to buy that house and you’re going to pay 2.5%, 3% interest. And you’re going to say, “I love this guy,” because interest rates, Reid, will follow as the energy goes down. And I made another commitment. I made it over the last month, I’ve been making it. We have more liquid gold under our feet than Saudi Arabia, than Russia, than any other country. I’m going to bring down your energy costs 50% in the first year, 50, 50%. And I better do it because I’m all over the place saying it. I’m going to have problems if I don’t get it done, but we have all the capacity to do it. Nobody else can make that statement. We have so much energy, we don’t even use it.(15:23)We get energy from Venezuela. They don’t have good oil. They have tar. They have tar that you have to liquefy. And you know where they do it? In Houston, Texas, because that’s where we have the plant. It’s the only plant in the world that can do it. We do it in Houston. So for the environmentalists out there, this is not a pretty picture, what flows into the air, right? But we’re going to use our beautiful liquid gold and when we get everything else down, houses, everything’s going to come. It’s going to be beautiful. You’re going to have a house. Just wait a little while, give me a little while. Let me get in. One year from January 20th, we will have your energy prices cut in half all over the country.


Yeah, the Commonwealth. Make sure=


Make sure-


By the way, this is a really great Governor, very successful Governor. She read some of the numbers and I thought she would, because why not? Nobody else will do it, but I will-


Because I do it for my friend. So you did it beautifully too.


She has done a fantastic job as Governor. And I will say this, I went to school here. I just want to forewarn her because I’ve seen it happen and it’s career-threatening. Don’t ever call it a state. It’s a Commonwealth. And I was saying, “Oh-”


“Has somebody…” Because a lot of innocent lambs have come up and they start talking to the people of Pennsylvania. I love you people. I know you so well. I’m here all the time. I’m here all the time. Yeah, I went to school here. I went to the Wharton School, the great Wharton School of Finance, and they were great. It’s a great place. It’s a great place, but I went to college here. So never ever even think. I watched one man crash and burn. He kept calling it, “This state.” I kept saying, “It’s a Commonwealth.” And by the time the evening… I think his political career ended there.


So go ahead.


Good.


Great.


Where are they?


Oh, come on up here. Come on.


Come on up.


It’s a little harder to get up since I got shot. They’ve made it more difficult. Perhaps that’s the way it’s supposed to be.


Under Obama is right, under Obama. Please, on behalf of your son.


So here’s what we’re going to do. In the first week… Let me have it not the first day because I made a lot of promises in the first day. We’re going to drill, baby, drill. We’re going to close up the border. We’re going to do a lot in the first day. In the first week, we will set up a commission. We’re going to find out because so many people in your same position, they want to know what happened, why did it happen to their son or daughter? And we’re going to do that within the first week. So you get ready to come over to the White House. Okay? All right?


That was both a celebration, a remembrance. It had all emotion, right?


They were happy, they were sad, they were devastated, but they remembered their beautiful boy, right?


Their beautiful boy, and we’re not going to forget. We’re going to find out what happened. We’re going to do that within the first week, and you have my word. Okay?


Good job. Good job. [inaudible 00:20:54] Thank you.


What a nice couple.


Thank you.


Thank you, darling.


Thank you, honey. That’s tough stuff.


And like what we were discussing in Afghanistan with the 13 family members, they feel that bad things happened, stupid things happened. And you hate for that to be, and it’s your son or your daughter. There’s no reason.


It should have never happened in Afghanistan. I can tell you that, the 13 that died, and they don’t mention, there were many people wounded too, and I mean seriously wounded with the legs and the arms and the face, and we’re going to give them everything they want. I’ve gotten to know those families. Thanks.


Hi, Angelina.


Let me stand up for you. Go ahead.


So it’s such a great question in the sense that people don’t think of grocery. It sounds like not such an important word when you talk about homes and everything else, but more people tell me about grocery bills where the price of bacon, the price of lettuce, the price of tomatoes, they tell me, and we’re going to do a lot of things. Our farmers aren’t being treated properly, and we had a deal with China and it was a great deal. I never mentioned it because once COVID came in, I said that was a bridge too far because I had a great relationship with President Xi and he’s a fierce man and he’s a man that likes China and I understand that, but we had a deal and he was perfect on that deal. $50 billion he was going to buy. We were doing numbers like you wouldn’t believe for the farmer, but the farmers are very badly hurt. The farmers in this country, we’re going to get them straightened out. We’re going to get your prices down.(23:58)But you asked another question about safety and also about black population jobs and Hispanic population, in particular those two. So when millions of people pour into our country, they’re having a devastating effect on black families and Hispanic families more than any others. I think it’s going to spread to a lot of other places. I think it’s going to spread to unions. I think unions are going to have a big problem because employers are just not going to pay the price. And it’s a very bad thing that’s happening. So they’re coming in, many are coming in from jails and prisons and mental institutions and insane asylum. That’s like step above insane asylum.(24:40)And whenever I go Hannibal Lecter, you know what I’m talking about. They always go the fake news. That’s a lot of fake news back there too. They always mention, it’s a way of demeaning. They say, “Hannibal Lecter. Why would he mention?” Well, you know why? Because he was a sick puppy and we have sick puppies coming into our country. I figured that’s better than wasting a lot of words. You just say, “Hannibal Lecter. We don’t want him.” But they always say, “Why would you say that?” I do it for a lot of reasons, but I do it because we are allowing some very bad people into our country and they’re coming as terrorists. You saw the other day, last month, they had the record number of terrorists. I had a month and I love Border Patrol. Did you see? They gave me a full endorsement two days ago. Border Patrol. The Border Patrol, and they’re great and they want to do their job. They don’t want to let these people come in.(25:39)They look at them, they can tell, they can look at somebody say, “Good, bad.” They say, “What’s coming into our country now, it’s having a huge negative impact on black families and on Hispanic families, and ultimately on everybody.” And we’re going to close that border so tight, it’s going to be closed. And I said the


… Two things I’m going to do. First, we’re going to close that border and people are going to come in. You want people to come in, we need people to come in. People are going to come into our country legally. It’s so unfair. You have people that are waiting on a system in a line, and they’ve been waiting on this line, you know how long? For years, 10 years, 12 years. And they’d study and they take tests and then people come. I actually say, “Why don’t you just go on the … Just come on across.” I tell people that. It’s terrible, right? I said, “Go out. You’re incredible.” They say, “What can I do to speed up the process? I say, you know what? Go to the southern border. I’ll see you on the other side.” It’s so unfair. But we’re going to have them come in legally.(26:41)You have to see what they have to do. They take tests on who was the first one here? What date was this? What does 1776 mean? All this stuff. And these other people are coming in and they’re affecting the school systems and they’re affecting the hospital system. If you take a look at what’s going on in Springfield, Ohio, a town of 50,000 people, they’ve just added 32,000 people, illegal immigrants. And we’re not going to put up with it, and we’re going to take care of, your costs are going to come down and you’re not going to have a problem with … Because the biggest problem, and I’m hearing it from Black people, and to a lesser extent right now, but it’ll be the same, Hispanic people. And I’ll tell you what, our poll numbers have gone through the roof with Black and Hispanic, have gone through the roof.(27:32)And I like that. I like that. So we’re going to take care of it. I’ll tell you, if everything works out, if everybody gets out and votes on January 5th or before. It used to be, you’d have a date. Today, you can vote two months before, probably three months after. They don’t know what the hell they’re doing. But we’re going to straighten it all out. We’re going to straighten that out too. We’re going to straighten our election process out too. That’s going to be important also. So thank you very much, darling.


We’re going to get it straight. Thank you.


It is an invasion like we’ve never seen before. And if it was an invasion of people that deserved to come in or that will love the country, will be great. She used to go around saying, “They don’t commit crime.” Have you seen the gang from Venezuela? What they’ve done in Aurora, Colorado?


It’s only a few-


And by the way, it’s hundreds all over the country. And they’re like me, they’re in the real estate business, but they take it over with rifles. They take it over with a level of sophistication, because you know a lot about guns from where you come and you like it. And I’m a big protector of the Second Amendment. We’ve gotten totally endorsed … And if you think that’s easy, it’s not easy. But the NRA gave me total endorsement. I assume you got total endorsement. We have no choice. We have to have it. Especially when you have … It’s amazing, these radical left lunatics, they want everybody to come into our country. Many of those people are criminals. And then they want to also take you guns away simultaneously. They don’t want your guns, but they want them to come in. So you need it for protection. If somebody knows that you have a gun in your house, they say, “Let’s go after somebody else.”(29:48)People put signs under, “This gun.” Or some of them actually spell the kind of gun they have. “We have an AK-47 inside.” And people say, “You know what? Let’s just …” And I knew about an AK-47 from a few weeks ago, and the AR-15. I know about that one too. I know a lot. But you know what? You have a lot of bad people out there and you can’t just can’t be a one way street. You know one thing, because she wants to take your guns away. If you take them away, the bad guys are not giving them up. That’s the only thing. I don’t think the good people are giving them up either, if you want to know the truth. But the bad guys are not giving up their guns. That’s the only thing I know for certain, right?


Is he doing a great job?


I think that all bad numbers, we have a lot of bad numbers. There’s so much bad happened in this administration, it’s disgraceful. As an example, there’d be no war with Russia and Ukraine. There’s no way. I get along very well with Putin. I fully understand what’s happening. It was the apple of his eye. He used to talk about it, but I said, “You’re not going in.” And he wasn’t going in. It’s only because of Biden. He looked at this guy, he can’t even believe it. But the same with Ukraine. I got along very well with Zelensky, very well. In fact, he came to New York two weeks ago. He came to see me and I got along very well with him. I’m going to negotiate that thing out. That is now a death trap. You have cities that are all down, those gorgeous golden domes, those magnificent domes are laying on their side, all busted up after … I don’t know, they’re 1000 years old or something, the heritage. What’s happened there.(31:55)But many more people are killed than they’re reporting. They knocked down … That was my business. They have apartment houses that are really, they’re like three city blocks long, not that tall, but pretty tall, and they are big. And they knock it down with a missile and they say, “Two people were slightly injured.” No, a lot of people, the number of people dying in the Ukraine-Russia war is a far greater number than anybody knows. And Biden has done nothing about it. He hasn’t even spoken to Putin in over a year. He knows nothing about it. And this is a war that has to end and we’re going to get that war ended. I’m going to try and I think I can get it ended as President-elect, in other words, before I even take over the White House. Got to stop the people from dying.(32:42)They said to me, “well, whose side are you on?” I was interviewed by fake news, CNN, you know fake news? Uh-oh, their camera just went off. Their camera just went off. No, no, their camera just went off. Okay. It always happens. Whenever I point to them, immediately they turn it off because they know it. But Kaitlan Collins a nice person, but Kaitlan Collins is interviewing me and she said, “Well, whose side are you on?” I said, “It’s not a question of sides. I want people to stop dying. That’s all. I want people to stop dying.” And it was a very interesting thing because it was a CNN, it was like this, a smaller room, much smaller. This is a big room.


This is a very big room. But it was a much smaller room. But they had all people in there from CNN. Within the first five minutes, they were totally on my side because it’s common sense. And we’re now the party of common sense. I say it, we’re conservative, but we’re the party of common sense. We need walls. We want good education. We want low interest rates. We want to be able to buy a house. We want jobs. And you know what we want? A strong military. I rebuilt our entire military and we want a strong military, and ideally a strong military that we don’t have to use. Isn’t that even better? We’ll have a strong military. If we don’t have to use it, that’s even better.


Yanni.


Thank you.


Thank you.


So great. Because small businesses are actually bigger than big businesses. When you add them all up and it’s very important, and it sounds like yours, I would love your food. I can tell by looking at that guy. I think I’d like to go over there. If I’m over there, I’m going to stop by. The fact is that they want to get away from gas. And I have friends, they’re into the cooking world, I’m not. I just like to eat. But they’re into the cooking. And I don’t know how you feel. It sounds like you … They feel that really gas is much better than the electric for cooking. And they have this thing about they want to put gas out of business, right? No gas. You know the amazing thing, we don’t have electric in this country, but we have all the gas you can use. We have oil and gas.(36:20)That’s what we have. And even the cars, if you look, they want to go with all electric cars. California’s having blackouts every week, brownouts, blackouts, and then they come up with rules and regulation to go to all electric, but they can’t even supply what they have. It’s so nuts. We’re going to get number one, your utility costs. You heard me say it before. Your costs will be down and we’re getting rid of all the … If you want electric, great, and if you want gas, great. The only thing you can’t have is a hydrogen car. You heard me say that, right? Because you know what happens? They have a new car. They say it’s great, but it’s got one problem. You know what the problem is? Every once in a while, one will blow up and if it does blow up and you happen to be inside of it, you’re in bad luck because you’re not recognizable.(37:02)Do you know that? It’s the new thing, hydrogen. I said, “No, thank you. I don’t want it.” I don’t want it. They called the wife, “That’s not my husband.” “Oh, yes it is.” It’s no good. So your energy costs will be down by 50%. Your interest is going to come down and people are going to start to make … Not only you, people will have more money to go to your restaurant. You’re going to have a great business. And during COVID, I was the one that worked out the loans. I don’t know if you got one, but everybody, so many people, millions of small businesses.(37:33)And Linda McMahon was the head of Small Business Administration, which was a big business. But she was the head and she was phenomenal. Linda McMahon was phenomenal. So many people tell me about her that she was one of the best secretaries. But Linda McMahon was in charge and they loaned billions of dollars out to people with small businesses. And it was the greatest investment we made. It stopped us from going into a 1929 depression, which is exactly what we would’ve had. And she did a fantastic job.


We’re going to get your costs way down. Thank you. Thank you.


Okay, hold it. Can we have a doctor, please? Doctor. Thank you very much. We have incredible people. They come here hours before and it’s a little hot. And so they’re with us all the way. We got to respect them. And you take your time, doctor. Take your time. Thank you very much. We always have great doctors in the audience. We’ve never had too much of a problem. Look at the quality of care we have. It’s incredible when you think, right? These people, first responders. Our first responders are amazing the way they can do things so beautifully and quickly. Thank you. We’ll get it taken care of fast. A lot of it’s pretty easy to take care of. Hardest thing is going to be the border though, in terms of the people that have been let in. The people that have been led into this country, what they’re doing. Where do they come from? What are they doing? What’s their thought process when they allow a thing like that to happen? Let’s wait until they take care of this incredible person who I guarantee you is a great patriot. I guarantee it. Everybody in this room is a patriot.


Thank you. Thank you.


Some problems. That looks a little bad.


Thank you. That looks a little bit bad.


Don’t worry. We’ll extend for a little time. Okay? We’re not going to lose anything. We just want to make sure they’re fine. This is a little bit of a tough one, I think. A little tough.(42:29)While we’re waiting, so we had a beautiful evening, and I don’t know if they could get this song up quickly, but if they could work really quickly backstage while we’re waiting, Ave Maria. We had Ave Maria the other day in Butler, Pennsylvania. And Butler, we had 101,000 people, it was a celebration. I called Cory, the firefighter, the chief. He was great. And if they could play Ave Maria, if you can get it, Justin, let’s go if you can. It’s a little quick notice. Ave Maria.(44:18)Hey. Great. We love that man. We love that man.


It’s so beautiful though, right? Listen to that. It’s nice. He’s going to be okay. We have nice music. We’re together. Not bad.


Not bad.


So beautiful.


Thank you everybody very much.


Hi.


She’s on our side.


So if you’ve watched any of our last rallies, we have a Criminal Aliens Act of 1798. That’s a long time ago. And it gives the President tremendous power to do what has to be done to secure our country. And you’re right. So if you look at the polls, it says that the number one issue is the economy, number two is inflation. Let’s even put them together. And number three is the border. I disagree. I do agree with you. The number one issue this country has …


[inaudible 00:48:26] open the door-


Thank you very much. Take your time, doctor. It’s going to be good.


Open the doors. I wish we could open those doors to outside. Yeah, take your time, doctor.


For security reasons they can’t. But you know what I said, ” Just open them.” Because anybody comes through those doors, you know what’s going to happen to them.





Thank you. Thank you.


And we can spend a little more time.


And personally, I enjoy this. We lose weight. No, you lose weight. We could do this. Lose four or five pounds. It’s okay with me.


But some people have been waiting here for two days for this. So it’s a little bit tough. It’s a little bit tough. But they’re going to try and get those doors open.


And I don’t know who’s building this is, but if they had air conditioning, do you see any air conditioning?


That’s right. They don’t want to give us air conditioning. It’s too expensive. It costs too much. Anyway, but they’re both okay. They’re both in good shape.


Would anybody else like to faint? Please raise your hand.


Please raise your hand. You know what we could do though, if my guys can do it? How about we’ll do a little music. Let’s make this a musical fest. Oh, lookie, lookie. That’s great. That’s great because it’s nice and cool outside, right?


It’s nice and cool. Why don’t we, and I mean this, if my guys can hear me? Two things. Put up the chart. My favorite chart, my all time favorite chart. And let’s listen to Pavarotti sing Ave Maria. Can you hear that? They gave me the Ave Maria with no voice. There it is. That’s my favorite piece of paper anywhere in the world. I sleep with it every night. I kiss it, I kiss it. And you see those numbers, by the way, for those that we talked about, the border.(54:03)When you’re talking about the border, look at the numbers. That was the lowest it ever was right there. That was the last day I was in office. And we’re going to get it lower than that, but we’re going to let people come in. We’re going to let people come in. So very, very important. But there’s one of my most favorite. If I didn’t turn to the right, I wouldn’t be here with you right now. So it’s sort of a cruel world. But I was very proud of that before the fact. Now, even if it had lousy numbers, I would love that piece of paper a lot. So put on Pavarotti singing Ave Maria. Nice and loud. Turn it up louder. We want a little action here. Turn it up louder.


Be a boy. That’s for your boy. That’s for your boy. Stand up. That’s for their boy.


Thank you.


Let’s not do any more questions. Let’s just listen to music. Let’s make it into music. Who the hell wants to hear questions, right? Isn’t that beautiful though? It’s beautiful. And we played that in Butler, Pennsylvania. We had a moment of silence and then we had the bells of Notre Dame go off. And then we had a great opera singer, Christopher, who was so incredible and a great, great opera singer. That’s Pavarotti. I actually asked Christopher. I said, “Your voice is incredible. How does it compare to Pavarotti?” “No, no, no, sir. He was the maestro. He was the greatest of them all.” And this man’s voice, you all probably heard it. He was phenomenal. But he said, “No, no, no. Pavarotti was the greatest.” Maybe we’ll play Time To Say Goodbye when we end.


Okay.


All right. Do we want to do that?


Instead of your normal rock out of the place.


And then you’re going to say time to go to by then you’re going to go vote and we’re going to win the state. We win Pennsylvania we win the whole thing. We’re going to win. We’re going to win. If we win Pennsylvania, we’re going to win the whole thing. Right? So it’s going to really be something. We just had some numbers coming out of Virginia, which is great. We have numbers coming out. But we win this Commonwealth, we win the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, we are in Clover. And then we’re going to fix our country. And we’re going to fix it fast. We’re going to fix it fast. So get that song done, get that song ready when we leave-


… you could just sit. By the way when we leave you don’t have to go so fast. You could sit and listen. We’ll play a couple of songs. Some of you’ll be a little warm, but that’s okay. It’s not a bad thing. And if you want, we’re going to do that. But I think it would be beautiful. Don’t you think? A little different?


Isn’t it a nice thing to have imagination? It’s like when Kamala’s teleprompter went out the other day. She was at 32 days. Did you see that?


She loses teleprompters and you wouldn’t know that she lost it. Me, I always lose, if you’re a politician, you can count on 5% of the time. You lose a teleprompter sometimes really badly in the middle of a sentence. And you’re saying, “Ooh, that’s a good…” You got to have a good memory. If you don’t have a good memory, you can’t be much of a politician. But they go out sometimes if you’re outside, the wind blows them down. I had one in Ohio, we had 45 mile an hour winds. And I said, “I’m going to lose these suckers.” And within about the first two sentences they were gone-


… they blew off the stage.


But Bernie Moreno, who’s now doing very well. I understand the senator. So I think he’s doing very well. But we’ll listen to a couple of songs if you want. And that’s okay with me. I like it. So we’ll do that. We’ll do those songs that we had mentioned, Justin. And if Justin doesn’t get it right, he gets fired. Okay.


Yeah.


Well, we have to beat her. Look, we have to beat her. She’s not for this job. Everybody knows it. Look, we’re running against not her. We’re running against a very powerful and a very corrupt machine. That’s what it is.


And the same thing with Joe Biden. Joe doesn’t know where the hell he is. When you talk about Biden he got 14 million votes. He won the primary. And we had a debate. His numbers were very bad and it looked like we were going to win. You don’t know what’s going to happen. But it looked like he was down substantially. They went to see him and they said, “You’re getting out.” He said, “I don’t want to get out. I won.” “You’re getting out.” That was the overthrow of an American president. You could call it a coup, but I don’t even call it that anymore because a lot of people say, “What the hell is a coup?”(01:01:57)You can call it that. But it was really basically the overthrow of an American president. And frankly, she’s doing horribly right now. You saw 60 Minutes where they replace her answer with another answer. She’s doing horribly. I have a feeling he might’ve done better than her. Let’s see, well, you have to see what the end is. Maybe they made a good move. But when they talk about a threat to democracy, how about where they take a candidate who won fair and square, they throw him out and they put up a woman who failed was the first one to drop out of a field of 22 and got no votes. And this is the person we’re running against. And she is not a smart woman. That’s true. We’ve had that for four years. We’re not going to have it for another four years. We’re not going to have it.


Those doors are open. That feels good.


I feel it right now. I don’t know who’s out there trying to get in. Doesn’t that feel nice?


There’s nothing like outdoors. You don’t even have the cost of an air conditioner if they have them in this beautiful factory. Anyway, go ahead, please.


Okay, let’s do a couple of-


So Justin, how about a couple of really beauties and we’ll sit down, relax. Let me just give you the bottom line though. We win Pennsylvania. We win this great Commonwealth. We are going to win the whole ball game. It’s such an important place. And we relate and we are up in the polls fairly nicely, fairly nicely. But it’s really important. And we’re going to turn this country around. It’s the greatest movement in the history of our country. MAGA, Make America Great Again. When Biden would go on, he used to go on say, “We will stop MAGA, we will stop.” Remember with the purple background, the pink and purple? He looked like the devil, right? But she’s worse than him. Remember it. But they would say, “We’re going to stop MAGA.” MAGA means Make America Great Again.


I mean, what are you going to stop? And we are indeed going to make America great again. We’re a declining nation right now. We’re a nation in decline. And we’re not going to be in decline for long. Let me tell you, every country respected us four years ago, we were energy independent. We had everything. We had the greatest economy in the history of our country. We’re going to bring it back bigger, better, and stronger than ever before. Go and vote. Let me hear that music, please.


Nice and loud.


Thank you everyone.


So this has been an honor tonight. We could do another question or two if you’d like, but probably… do you want to do one? Do you want it? Let’s go. Let’s go. But it ends so beautifully. How about this? We’ll play YMCA and we’ll go home. But listen, whatever you can do, get out there. We have to win. This is important. This is the most important election in the history of our country. And you know what? I never thought I’d say it again. I said it with ’16. We then fixed the border. We did everything. We had a great economy. It was good. For ’20 we didn’t have to say it, by the way we got millions and more votes in ’20 that we did ’16. But there’s never been spirit that we’ve seen like this. And that’s because we saw how bad they are.(01:12:21)They are so bad. And frankly, they’re evil. They’re evil. What they’ve done, they’ve weaponized our elections. They’ve done things that nobody thought was even possible. So we’re going to go, we’re going to vote. We’re going to have a good time. We’re going to make our country great, I want this to be a really important evening. And those two people that went down our patriots and we love them. And because of them we ended up with some good music. Right? Right.


So play YMCA. Go ahead. Let’s go nice and loud.


Nobody’s leaving. What’s going on? There’s nobody leaving. Keep going. Keep going. Should we keep going? All right, turn that music up. Turn it up. Great song.
