
Yeah. And I want to thank Brian and all the people from the UAW and just autoworkers, frankly, UAW or not, just autoworkers. And they’re great autoworkers up here. This is where it all began. It all began, for the world, it all began right here.


And then slowly but surely, and then actually rapidly it got taken away from us, like candy gets taken away from a baby. They take that candy away from a baby so easy, and that’s what they did to us. And a long time ago, I told a story where I was given the Man of the Year or something. I was given a big award and I came up and spoke, and I talked about how… This is long before I ran for politics. And by the way, the fake New York Times said it never happened. And then they found the event. They found it. Did you see that?


And they said, “Well, it never happened. There was no such award given or there was no such event.” And fortunately, we found a newspaper article that talked about, I was up here. This is long before this, this is probably 18 or 19 years ago. And I came up and I talked about, “Don’t let them steal your jobs. Don’t let them steal your automobile factories.” But they did. I wasn’t involved. I was happily in the private sector. But this is much better. This is much more important for me, because we’re going to save America. We’re going to save the automobile industry, which wouldn’t have happened if we didn’t come along.


I mean, think of it. If you have all these places building these plants with China’s money and other countries, I’m not looking to blame China. Other countries too. You don’t have a chance. You don’t have a chance. They were going to build a lot of different plants in Mexico and Canada. We have to watch Canada. But Mexico and Canada, all of a sudden you’re going to say, “What happened to our industry?” We’ll be bringing cars. You’ll be a parking lot for cars that are going to be sold in America. We’re not going to let that happen. We’re going to make the auto industry bigger and better and stronger than it’s ever been.


And this community is such a big factor. I’m surprised you knew that, Brian. I’m very impressed with you.


Do you have a little Arab blood in you, by any chance?


I know they are. They’re great people too, and they’re smart and that’s what we want. So it’s an honor to get your endorsement. It’s an honor to be here as we open up this beautiful facility. And I’m going to be seeing you a lot, Mr. Mayor. And I think there’s a hell of a future, don’t you think?


[inaudible 00:02:28].


Fake news. I’m going to be honest now, they say every week they have a different concept for me. I’m going to be the biggest dictator in the world. I’m going to destroy the world. I’m going to… They have so many things that they’ve said about me and nothing sticks. Is this the new one? I’m going to come and we’re going to deport… But just your community.


That’s good.


Well, and I’ll tell you what, they’re also great people and they’re great workers and [inaudible 00:03:27]. Thank you very much. It’s a tremendous honor to be with you. And now we’re going to go, we’re going to make two stops and we’re going to make a big speech. But this was a very important one. This is my first stop and this is in honor of the mayor, because in particular he and the [inaudible 00:03:36]. Thank you.


[inaudible 00:04:25].


Thank you. We’ll see you at the White House.


We’ll see you at the opening of these great auto factories that we’re going to build next yea. Thank you everybody.


Thank you. I heard that.


How good are the restaurants? Is the food good or is it great?


Thank you.


Thank you.


Thank you very much.


I appreciate it greatly.


I will do that. I will. Thank you. Thank you everybody. Thank you very much. Thank you, my friend.


It’s a great honor. And it’s great to be here at this opening. It’s an opening and it’s maybe an opening of more than just a building. I really believe it.


And we all ultimately, want one thing. We want piece in the Middle East. We’re going to get peace in the Middle East.


I think it’s going to happen very fast.


It can happen with the right leadership in Washington. You have a woman running against me, she shouldn’t even be running against me. She hasn’t got the capability.


But you have a woman running that won’t get anything done. She’s wishy, she doesn’t know what to do. And she’s a very confused person. And I think I probably would take Biden over her. I have somebody, we were talking. The mayor, first of all, it’s an honor to be your friend and it’s an honor for that endorsement coming from you and a highly respected man, somebody that really is respected in the community and along beyond this community. A few people said, “Who is that guy? He’s really something?” I’ve got big plans for him, right? It really is, it’s a great honor. And I see somebody else, Mr. Mayor, if I could, in the audience. So United Auto Workers, so many of them as you know, support me, because I’m going to bring back the auto jobs.(23:01)Whereas unfortunately, the head of the union doesn’t have any clue. He doesn’t understand that the electric cars are going to drive everybody back to China and we’re not going to have that. And we want the jobs in your community. And you have tremendous numbers of auto workers in your community, which is something that I did not know, but I know now and I realize it. And somebody, they’ve written and they’ve called and we’re going to bring the companies back. If you go back 50, 60 years, we were the king and queen together of the auto industry. Now it’s been taken by China, Mexico, and so many other countries. We’re going to bring them all back. We’re going to bring all of those companies that left back through a series of very smart and not very expensive incentives. And we’re going to then protect them, so they don’t get ripped off and robbed, like everybody in our country has been over the last long period of time for many, many years. So I’d like to bring… Brian, would you come over here for a second?


This man, and I’ve seen him for a couple of years and I didn’t know who he was, but he was a Trump fan like I’ve never seen. And he wanted to get the United Auto Workers on our side. And he literally has 80%, a tremendous number of them on our side, because-


79.


It’s pretty good. I’d say it’s pretty good. But we have a tremendous amount of auto workers on our side. Many of the auto workers are in your community and a lot of them are really great, I hear, very Talented.


Yeah, very talented. But I’d like you to say a few words about what we’re doing. And you missed the one meeting we had in Detroit, which was good. And I might say it here, because it’s important. So I’ve been saying that Mexico’s building two of the largest plants anywhere in the world and we’re just not going to let it. It would literally wipe out Michigan auto business. And that would go to South Carolina to a lesser extent, because of certain reasons. But South Carolina, Tennessee, others also could be, maybe completely knocked out. I don’t know. These are the biggest plants in the world. Somebody that I know very well is building them. And he told me about them a year ago and I told the mayor about them. I told Brian about them. We told a lot of people. And I’ve been talking about them now for over a year.(25:21)And I said, “If we’re going to allow Mexico to build these massive plants, you’re not going to have any jobs. They’re all going to be gone.”They go into Mexico, they can produce so many cars out of these very modern… You press a button and the whole plant opens up. They don’t have a lot of workers, but they have a lot of capacity. And so I’ve been talking about this now for a period of over a year. And I found out about it from a man who’s the biggest in the world at building auto plants. I think he’s building these two, in fact, I know he’s building these two. But one in particular, is just massive. And they were getting ready to start.(25:55)And when I was in Detroit last time, I saw the gentleman, who I hadn’t seen for a while. And I said, “Let me ask you, John, how are those plants coming?” “So they’ve been stopped. They’ve been stopped.” I said, “You mean the plants in Mexico?” Because I wanted to see a plant and I wanted to see one in the United States. He said, “Sir, we don’t make them in the United States the way they do elsewhere.”Now, these plants were owned by China and built in Mexico near our border. They were going to just build a car and just pour them in. And you wouldn’t have had any… Which Brian understood.


And the mayor understood. You wouldn’t have any capacity. You wouldn’t have had any reason to be here and be making cars. So I heard about this and I hated it. And I talked about it for a year. It was in every speech I made on autos. And I came up three weeks ago. We spoke before the Economic Club, Detroit and I talked about it. And then I saw the gentleman in the audience and I said, “Could I speak to you for a second? How are those plants coming?” “Sir, they’ve been stopped.” I said, “What do you mean they’ve been stopped?” ” They think you’re going to be president and you’re going to charge tariffs and it will make it economically impossible to build them. So they stopped construction [inaudible 00:27:11].”


So I didn’t even tell you that, Brian.


So what I’ve done, is I’ve saved Michigan, I think, because we’re going to reverse it. I’m going to go back to them, I’ll say build the plant in Detroit. Build the plant up here, build it in the state of Michigan. Or build it in the United States, we can handle that, right? As long as it’s in the United States. But let’s start over here. Maybe you make a deal and you will make a deal. I think you could make a deal right here. And we’ll end up having those plants built over here instead of built in other countries. Other countries.


So this plant that I was talking about for the last year, year and a half is stopped, because they think I’m going to get elected. They know if I get elected, I’m not going to let them sell cars into our country in order to destroy the rest of Michigan. You had many times the number of cars being built many, many years ago. This was a different world. And you see the empty hulks all over the place. So we’re going to start that little project. We’re going to get to the people, they have plenty of money, but they don’t want to lose money. And they would’ve lost a lot of money, because I wasn’t going to let any car come into the United States and destroy the Michigan automobile business [inaudible 00:28:21]. Thank you. Brian’s here for you.


Look at the arms of this guy. I don’t know, that’s got to be a lot of lifting. I don’t know. I think you have it naturally, [inaudible 00:30:31]. Well, I want to thank… And I’m really in particularly proud that you are here-


Because right from the beginning, you understood it, you got it. A lot of people don’t understand it and it’s easy to do. And I’m so happy that it happened before the election as opposed to after the election, because this is big news now. I don’t know if the fake news will cover it, but this is big news now. Think of it, the biggest plants in the world were going to be built and now they’ve stopped. And what that would do is really hurt America and it’ll devastate


… Michigan, so I’m glad you were able to hear it as soon as I got the information. And the information is solid, and we’re going to get those plants to be built, ideally right here, and we’re going to work on it very hard.(31:12)As far as the election is concerned, we’re doing very well. You see we’re up in the polls pretty substantially. They have a new thing, a new phenomena, and that’s gambling polls. They call it the Poly poll or something. I’ve never heard of the [inaudible 00:31:30]


Polymarket, and we’re, I guess at 64 to 38, 36, something like that. So that’s not bad. I don’t know what the hell it means, but it means that we’re doing pretty well. And we’re the 64, by the way, okay? Just, we don’t want to be the 38 or 36. So I just want to let the Mayor know. I want to let the council members know, the three council members. I appreciate it. We won’t forget it. Please, stand up.


Yeah, and I want to thank Brian and all the people from the UAW, and just auto workers, frankly. UAW or not, just auto workers. They’re great auto workers up here. This is where it all began. It all began for the world. It all began right here.


And then slowly but surely, and then actually rapidly, it got taken away from us, like candy gets taken away from a baby. They take that candy away from a baby so easy, and that’s what they did to us. And a long time ago, I told the story where I was giving the Man of the Year or something. I was given a big award, and I came up and spoke. This is all before I ran for politics. And by the way, the fake New York Times said it never happened, and then I found the event. I found it. Did you see that?


And they said, “Well, it never happened. There was no such award given, or there was no such event.” And fortunately, we found a newspaper article that talked about I was up here. This was long before this. This was probably 18 or 19 years ago. And I came up, and I talked about, “Don’t let them steal your jobs. Don’t let them steal your automobile factories.” But they did. I wasn’t involved. I was happily in the private sector.(33:12)But this is much better. This is much more important for me because we’re going to save America. We’re going to save the automobile industry, which wouldn’t have happened if we didn’t come along. I mean, think of it, if you have all these places building these plants with China’s money and other country. I’m not looking to blame China. Other countries too. You don’t have a chance. You don’t have a chance.(33:32)They were going to build a lot of different plants in Mexico and Canada. We have to watch Canada. But Mexico and Canada, all of a sudden, you’re going to say, “What happened to our industry?” Because you’ll be a parking lot for cars that are going to be sold in America. We’re not going to let that happen. We’re going to make the auto industry bigger and better and stronger than it’s ever been before.(33:52)And this community is such a big factor. I’m surprised you knew that, Brian. I’m very impressed with you.


Do you have a little Arab blood in you?


I know they are, and they’re great people too, and they’re smart. And that’s what we want. So, it’s an honor to get your endorsement. It’s an honor to be here as we open up this beautiful facility, and I’m going to be seeing you a lot, Mr. Mayor. And I think he has a hell of a future, don’t you think? [inaudible 00:34:30]


Fake news. [inaudible 00:34:58] They say every week, they have a different concept for me. I’m going to be the biggest dictator in the world. I’m going to destroy the world. They have so many things that they’ve said about me, and nothing sticks. Is this the new one? I’m going to come, and we’re going to deport, but just your community.


That’s good. Well, and I’ll tell you what-


… they’re also great people. They’re great workers. [inaudible 00:35:22] It’s a tremendous honor to be with you. Now, we’re going to go. We’re going to make two stops, and we’re going to make a big speech, but this was a very important one. This is my first stop, and this is a honor of the Mayor because in particular, he [inaudible 00:35:38] thank you.


Thank you. [inaudible 00:36:30] White House. [inaudible 00:36:33] at the opening of these great auto factories that we’re going to [inaudible 00:36:39] Thank you, everybody.


I heard that. Thank you.


How good are the restaurants?


Is the food good or is it great?


Thank you very much.


Thank you, I appreciate it [inaudible 00:37:20] I will do that. I will. Thank you. Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much. Thank you, my friend.
