
When I first came into office, I cut taxes more than any other president. We have created seven million new jobs and it led to a growth like we’ve never seen before. We developed the greatest economy in history, by far.(18:44)When I left office, it changed. Inflation destroyed the lives of so many people. Interest rates went from 2% to 10%. Millions of illegal immigrants, traffickers and drugs coming into our country. Our country has gone to hell. So I made a decision to run. We’re going to make America great again. Greater than ever before. I will fight for you with every breath and I will never let you down.


A very, very big hello, Pennsylvania. We love Pennsylvania. And it’s great to be back in this beautiful commonwealth with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots. You are indeed. You are hardworking, proud. You love the country. We’re going to save our country. We are going to save it from these lunatics. Before we begin, I want to send our prayers to the people of Florida getting hit just about now. In a little while, you’re going to see a hurricane like we haven’t seen in a long time, as well as all of the people still recovering from Hurricane Helene. North Carolina’s been hit very hard and this administration has not done a proper job at all. Terrible, terrible. Nobody’s seen anything like it, but we just pray for everybody. We want them all to be good and we’re going to be there hopefully soon, and we’re going to help them rebuild and get it all back together. And we hope that God will keep them safe. God will keep them safe. Just 27 days from now, we’re going to win Pennsylvania. We’re going to defeat Kamala Harris and we are going to make America great again. And when we beat… You know this. When we win, it will be, I believe, the greatest political victory in American history. I believe it will. It will be the greatest. We had an incredible evening on Saturday in Butler, Pennsylvania. We love Butler. Butler’s become a very famous place, celebrating the brave firefighter and fire chief. We love Corey, right? Who sacrificed his life in the attack 12 weeks ago. Just take a look at all of the incredible patriots. You have to see this to believe it. Over 100,000 people. Take a look at this.(25:35)Thank you. Who is that man up there? I don’t recognize him. Who is that? From the very beginning of this journey, I’ve been on a mission to rescue our nation from a failed and corrupt political establishment and to give you back the country you believe in, the country you were born in, and the country you deserve. You’re going to get it back. We’re all getting it back. In that mission, I will never quit, I will never bend, I will never break, and I will never, not ever, under any circumstances, even in the face of death, we will never give up. Never going to give up. We’re going to turn it around. We’re going to have the four greatest years we’ve ever had. I’m putting everything on the line to fight for you. I didn’t have to be here. I could be in a beautiful beach. I could be in a gorgeous beach somewhere in the world.


I’m Donald J. Trump and I approved this message.(56:11)Thank you. So I gave you, as you know, the largest tax cut in the history of our country. And I gave you the largest regulation cut for your companies that hired so many people. We had the best employment numbers in the history of our country. Everybody was working whether they went to the best schools and colleges and got doctorates and all of the different, or whether they couldn’t graduate from high school. Men, women, the Black community, the Hispanic community, the Asian community, every single group, not one was left behind. And the best ones in terms of proportionately were low income people. They did the best. And by the way, you have an invasion of people into country, and not including got aways, more than 21 million people. The got aways that nobody has any idea how many there are. They’re going to be attacking and they already are. The Black population jobs, the Hispanic population jobs, and they’re attacking union jobs too. And they’re all pouring in.(57:21)So when you see the border, it’s not just the crime. Your jobs are being taken away too. And it’s not going to happen. It’s not going to happen. Kamala will deliver a 1929-style depression. I will deliver low taxes, low regulations, low energy costs, low interest rates, low inflation and the greatest economy in the history of the world, which is what we gave you before. We will pass large tax cuts for workers, and we will have no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and no tax on social security benefits for our great seniors. That’s a big deal.(58:14)Do we have any restaurant workers? Do we have any people that work in restaurants? No tax on tips. Remember they tried copying me. They gave it up. They gave it up. You know why? They got killed when they said it. Like a month later? “Oh, she’s going… Uh, we’re going to have no tax on tips.” So they toyed with people with their education, with debt, and they said, “Oh, well, we’re going to pay for your college education. We’re going to pay.” Never got it done. They won’t get anything done. They can’t get anything done. They never got it done. To bring jobs, factories, and wealth racing back to Pennsylvania, we will have a 15% made in America corporate tax rate, cutting the tax from 21 to 15, and I got it down to 21 from 39.(59:03)But, there is a but, but only for those who make their product in America. Made in America. One of the biggest guys, highly sophisticated guy, a wealthy guy on Wall Street called me up. He said, “Who the hell gave you that idea?” It’s so simple, right? You’re going to get that additional tax cut, but you have to have your product made in America. Isn’t that great? They said, “Who gave you?” that’s like the paperclip. Somebody came up with the idea of a paperclip many years ago and people saw it. They said, “Why didn’t I think of that?” But we’re going to give a tax cut. You make your product here, because that means jobs, it means a lot of things. It means a lot of great things. And we’re going to stop Mexico and China and all these countries from hurting this country because they’re hurting it. And they’re killing the automobile industry. You’re not going to have any cars manufactured here. If we win, this country will become the automobile manufacturing place. We will bring plants back at levels that haven’t been seen for 50 years in this country.(01:00:20)Right now, the Chinese are building big factories, auto plants in Mexico. They think they’re going to make cars and send them over to our border and put everybody in Detroit out of business, put everybody in South Carolina out of business. Not going to happen, because I’ll put 100 or a 200% tariff. We don’t want their cars. We want to make our cars here. And that includes in Pennsylvania. And for those who don’t make their product in America, they will be forced to pay a rather stiff tariff for the privilege of competing with our cherished companies that we’re going to take care of. And for the privilege of stealing our jobs, our treasure and our wealth, they’re going to do that, that’s okay, but they’re going to pay something for it and it’s going to be substantial. And we will take in hundreds of billions of dollars in tariffs.(01:01:15)And let me tell you, for 30 years, for 25 years, China didn’t pay 10 cents to this country. And when I was president, they paid hundreds of billions of dollars, hundreds of billions. Not 10 cents. They literally never, they went under the guise, we are a developing nation. Well, we’re a developing nation too. We’re like, our nation’s gone like this. We got to get it back up, but we’re going to get it back up fast. But American citizens will use all that money. We’re going to pay off debt. We’re going to reduce your interest rates, we are going to, by the way, two things. When I was president, the interest rate was 2%. Now it’s 10%, but it’s not really 10% because you can’t get any money at 10%. The American Dream for young people is gone. They can’t buy a house. You can’t get any money.(01:02:12)So it’s not 10%, it’s 11, 12, 13, 14, 15%.


It was 2%. Five years ago we had 2% and now we have not 10, probably 14 or 15 before you get it. But that puts you out of business, tariffs against us. Remember this, one thing is going to happen, or another thing. Number one, they’re going to drop all tariffs against us. We have countries that charge us 150 and 200%, and we charge them nothing. And I started it and it was good. We were making a fortune. And then these idiots came in and they changed it. But we’re going back to it. It’s a pro-American. It’s America First policy if you don’t mind, America First. We have America First. And I believe my pro-American trade policies are one of the major reasons why I’ve been overwhelmingly endorsed by the rank-and-file membership of the Teamsters. Never happened, it never happened. Including 65% of Teamster members in the Great Commonwealth, by the way, never call it a state. That’s a very bad, that’s career-threatening. I had a politician who was a friend of mine. He walked in and he started talking about the state. I said, ” Oh, he’s dead.” He was dead. You can’t do that.(01:03:33)David would never do that, right? No, you can’t do that. You got to be very careful. The only thing worse is when Biden would get up, remember? And he’d talk about, he’s in Idaho and he’d say, “It’s great to be in Iowa.” They’d say, “No, no.” But the worst was when he was in New Hampshire and he said, “It’s great to be in Florida.” That’s palm trees. And you could be Winston Churchill. He was a great orator, a great, great orator, one of the greats. And if you make that mistake, no matter how good you are, the speech is a total disaster. Do you agree? But we don’t make mistakes like that. We need every one of those Teamsters to get out and vote. Do we have any of the Teamsters here? Do we have them here? Oh, look at that. Thank you fellas. Appreciate it. We appreciate it.(01:04:22)The migrants are coming after your jobs, but I don’t think you’re going to be worried. I think you’re going to be, they’ll be okay. I know, they’re tough cookies. They’re going to be all right. Thank you very much. Thank you everybody. We appreciate it. Really. Because it’s jobs. They may be union, they may be not union. It’s jobs. We want to protect our jobs. I don’t care which jobs, we’re going to protect our jobs. We’re not going to let these countries come in and steal our product, and steal our companies. And all we’re left with is one thing. Unemployment, it’s not happening, not going to happen. And it’s a very simple thing to do. It’s essentially what they do. But see, we can do it better, because we have now this country. But if this country keeps going along the way it’s going, we’re not going to have that advantage anymore.(01:05:08)So we’re leading in every key national battleground, just about poll. We’re just, as I was coming up here, Rasmussen, highly, highly respected. One of the most accurate. They have us up by two points nationally. But don’t be fooled, if we’re up by two, it’s about like 10. You know why? Because people can’t poll Trump. That’s what happened with Crooked Hillary. They thought they were going to win because they say to the people, they call up, who are you voting for? A Trumper, like these guys. They love Trump. Who are you voting for? “I’m voting for Crooked Hillary Clinton. Or I’m voting for Lying Kamala Harris.” I don’t use the name Harris. When you use the name Harris, nobody. If I say, “Yeah, I’m up against Harris.”


They say, “Who the hell is Harris?” No, nobody knows. You have to say Kamala. Look, all my political warriors over there, the insider advantage has just come out where we have nationally, three points. We have in Pennsylvania, a three-point lead, which probably means 10.(01:06:19)And a brand-new Quinnipiac Poll shows us leading in Michigan by four and in Wisconsin by two. It’s all good, but you got to get out. We cannot sit back. And we’ve made a lot of progress over the last, she had that little honeymoon period before she started talking. Once she started talking, I didn’t know was it that I did a good job or that she’s just so bad? You know what? Who cares. I say, who cares? Pennsylvania also needs to defeat your disastrous radical Democrat Senator Bob Casey.


And we want to elect the next senator from Pennsylvania, Dave, you know David McCormick, he’s right here. David McCormick. And I’ll tell you, I’ll tell you, I know him for a long time. He went to the best schools. He did that. He got great marks. I think that means something. It does mean something. How did Biden do, by the way? How did Kamala do? Not too good. How did she do? Not too good. I will tell you right now, this guy was a great student. He was a great soldier. He was a great businessman. He’s tough as hell. David, I know you just spoke. Just come here, say, like for two seconds because nobody wants to hear you right now. Just come up. But we got to get this guy in office. Come on. Give me [inaudible 01:07:47].


Thank you. He’s really good. And he will be such a great senator. He’ll be phenomenal. And I know Casey, I was in Washington for four years. I don’t know if I ever even met Casey, but he’s been there a long time. He’s boring. Nobody knows who the hell he is. Think of it. And he doesn’t fight for you. He just votes the way the Democrats tell him to vote. This guy will be a leader and he’ll bring business back to your Commonwealth. That was a close one. He’s going to bring business back to the Commonwealth like you won’t believe, he’s going to be a great senator for a long time to come. And thank you very much for being here, David. Great job. We’re also joined as well by warriors, members of Congress, who are great friends of mine. They’ve become great friends. When you’re in war, we’re at like a war because we have an enemy on the outside. Maybe China, maybe. Honestly, if you have a smart president, they’re always going to be fine. They’re always going to be fine. Because they always need something and they’re always going to be fine. I have great relationships with a lot of these countries that nobody else can talk to, like, as an example, Ukraine never ever would’ve happened. Israel never, ever would’ve happened. The October 7th would’ve never happened. You would’ve never had inflation. You wouldn’t have had that disaster in Afghanistan, the most embarrassing moment in the country’s life. But I became friendly with these people, and they are. They’re warriors. You have great ones here. Some places don’t have them as good. I must be honest with you. I refuse to say who, but here, you have great ones. Dan Meuser. Thank you, Dan. Thank you, Dan. Great job. Thank you for all the help. You did so many things, he helped us on, Right To Try. You know what Right To Try is? It’s such an important thing. We saved so many lives. He helped us so much. Lloyd Smucker. Lloyd, thank you very much. Great job. Been my friend. John Joyce. John, thank you. You’re fantastic people. And Kat Cammack from Florida, Kat, thank you. Whoa. Wow. That’s good. That’s very good. Thank you very much Kat. And you heard Vivek. How about Vivek? Great guy. We’re going to bring him in. I don’t want to tell him yet exactly. We’re going to pick the right, because I don’t like talking, first I like to win. We got to win. Somebody said, “Oh, sir, who’s going to be Secretary of State?” I said, “Do me a favor. Let’s win first, okay?” Vivek knows that, but he’s going to be a part of something that’s going to be really big. Thank you, Vivek. Great job. Thank you.(01:11:19)He started off as a rookie, and he did very well. He did very well. He wiped out a lot of guys that have done this stuff for a long time, didn’t he? Very well. It’s great. Great to have you. Great family too. In four incredible years under the Trump Administration, we’ve achieved more than any administration in the history of our country actually. We passed record tax cuts and record regulation cuts. We achieved all-time, low unemployment rates, record low poverty rates. We had the lowest, think of it. We had the best in terms of poverty, the best numbers you’ve ever had, and rising wages for everyone. Wages that rose at a level never seen before. We ended the NAFTA disaster, canceled the TPP, which would’ve taken all of your business out of Pennsylvania, withdrew from the ridiculous Paris Climate Accord. I want to call it the Pennsylvania Climate Accord, not the Paris Climate. No, they were ripping us off. We had to pay a trillion dollars. Russia had to pay nothing. India had to pay nothing. China had to pay nothing.


We had to pay a trillion dollars. I said, “So far the deal’s not looking too good.” I tell you what, as a business guy, I went in and I looked at some of these deals. I said, “Who the hell negotiated these deals?” I said, “Hanky-panky going on, I think.” Of course, Biden got a lot of money from China. They never say that, the fake news never talks about it. If that were me, if that were me, I’d be excoriated. Remember I said at the debate, I said, “Let me ask you, how come the mayor of Moscow’s wife paid this man three and a half million dollars?” And Chris Wallace said, “Please don’t ask him that question.” Two weeks later, it became a hot subject. Don’t ask him the question. And nobody really did ask him the question, right? I won the big case in Florida. He had a similar type of case, but the difference is, I have Presidential Records Act. My was 100% fine. I won it, I beat deranged Jack Smith. He’s a deranged individual.(01:13:26)But Biden had a similar case, but he didn’t have Presidential Records Act right? And Biden was essentially convicted. Think of this. Here was the decision. “He’s incompetent, so he doesn’t have to stand trial.” So think of this. He’s incompetent, so he doesn’t have to stand trial, but he’s allowed to be the President of the United States. Does that sound good?


I don’t think so, but I’ll be honest with you. I honestly believe that he’s more competent than Kamala. I believe that. I believe he’s more competent. And I thought he looked really good today because we were comparing the two of them. And who looked better? He looked sharper than she did. Can you believe this? But I stood up to China like nobody has ever stood up before, bringing in billions and billions and billions of dollars. And remember, I said it before, nobody ever brought in 10 cents. Not one other, not 10 cents. You check those records. We had the most secure border in U.S. history, fully rebuilt the United States military, and we created a new, beautiful, beautiful thing. I just love it. Wrapped up all perfect. It’s called Space Force. Not since Air Force, 78 years before, Air Force, 78 years ago, we obliterated ISIS. And with the Abraham Accords, we made peace in the Middle East. We had the Abraham Accords.(01:14:56)If Obama even thought about an idea like that, he would’ve gotten a Nobel Prize. With me, I said, “Don’t waste your time. They’re never giving it.” They don’t give it, they don’t give me anything. All we do is produce. We produce. I just want to produce for you. I don’t care about them. And I’m proud to be the first president in decades who started no new wars. That’s very good. But those four incredible years of peace and prosperity, and that’s what we have. I shake hands with people. “Sir, it was so good when you were president, and I’m not doing well now, sir, I’m not doing well.” They’ve been cut off with taxes and with regulations. It’s horrible what they’re doing. But they’ve been followed by four years of misery and failure under the worst president and vice president in American history. This is the worst president and vice president, this is the worst administration in the history of our country. The only one happy about it is Jimmy Carter, because Jimmy Carter, Jimmy Carter is considered, and his administration is considered brilliant by comparison. Would you say that’s true Vivek, David, yes?(01:16:11)Now, Jimmy Carter had a brilliant administration by comparison. So he’s quite happy. He’s a pretty old guy. Just turning 100 or just about, right? He’s 100 years old. And he’s a nice man actually. He’s a very nice man. But here are the facts. Kamala Harris is a radical left Marxist, rated even worse than Bernie Sanders. And even worse than Pocahontas. Do you know Pocahontas? Elizabeth Warren, Elizabeth Pocahontas Warren. Remember? She said, “I’m Indian.” Everyone said, “Well, do you have any proof?” “No. My mother said that I had high cheekbones.” That’s what she said. So I came up with the name Pocahontas, and it drove her crazy. And so she went out and got a blood test, right? Remember what the number was? 1, 024th. Oh, this guy’s good. 1,024th. That means essentially that I have more Indian blood in me than she has, and I have none unfortunately. I’d like to have some. I’d be honored to have some, but I have none.(01:17:18)She thought it was so good that she had 1,024th, it’s like not even possible. It’s not possible. And she was happy. She was so happy that she released a number. She thought it was good. And that was the end of her political career. She was leading in the presidential race back then. That was the Biden race. And you know where Kamala was? She had dropped out. She was dead last. She dropped out. She’d never made Iowa. And do I love Iowa. I love Iowa. I love corn. I love Iowa. Now, Iowa is great. We have a big lead in Iowa. Never lost in Iowa. Well, we had a great many years, what was it, 36 years. Nobody won Pennsylvania. And then Trump came along and we won Pennsylvania. And I’ll tell you, there’s more spirit now than I’ve ever seen. I’m talking about nationwide, because we have another factor. You like me, and you know that I’m a very competent person.


But you know how, thank you. Thank you. I love you too.


Thank you. But now you see, but now you see how people can destroy our country. The President has tremendous power. A president has tremendous power. And you can make or break a country. If you’re stupid, if you don’t know what you’re doing, look at, the whole world is laughing at us. Five years ago, we were respected. Your president was respected, and our country was respected. And Victor Orban, one of the toughest leaders in the world, the strong people, the press hates him. They say, “He’s a tough leader.” Well, sometimes you need a tough leader, but highly intelligent guy, very strong person from Hungary. He’s the head of Hungary.(01:19:22)And he made a statement. They said, “Why is it that the whole world is going crazy?” The whole world. Remember me? I had no wars. I had no anything. We had no terrorists. We had no terror attacks. Everybody was happy. We had no terrorist attacks. But he said, “Why?” They asked him, “Why is it?” They said, “Because Trump’s not president. If he becomes president, the whole world, because,” and I don’t use this word. I don’t like the word for myself. I’m just saying the word. He said, “The whole world was afraid of him. China was afraid. Russia was afraid. Everybody was afraid.” And I don’t like that. I’d like to say respect, but I’m just saying what he said. So, because otherwise they’ll say, “Oh.” These guys are so bad. A big part of our problem in this country are those people right back there.


Big part of our problem. We need a free and fair press. Badly, desperately. I watched the way they ask questions of Kamala yesterday. Howard Stern, he’s a weak guy. He’s weak.


He’s going, “Oh, oh, what about, oh.” It was so, even she was embarrassed. It was like softball, but all of them, Howard, I knew him very well. I was on his show many times. I used to think he was good. Then I dropped him, I dropped him like a dog. And his ratings are very challenged. Very challenged.


But I watched the questions. I watched that stupid View where you have these really dumb people. Whoopi Goldberg said, would you participate in a movie? She made some movie on basketball. This was before I ran for politics. She said, oh, you’re so great. If you ever ran for president, you’d win. This is Whoopi Goldberg. You don’t hear that. She said, I’m making a movie. Would you be in it? I said, in what capacity? Just a walk on. You’re so great. Would you do it? I did a walk-on for Whoopi Goldberg. Now she says, I refuse to mention his name. You know what? Politics can do strange things to demented people.(01:21:43)Now, I’ve hired Whoopi to work for me as a comedian before this stuff, a long time ago. I went and I’m not particularly shy about what I hear. Her mouth was so foul. Every word out of her mouth was like the F-word that this. I was with a group of people, nice people, and we had to leave. She was so filthy, dirty, disgusting. Half the place left. I said I’d never hire her again, but she was so dirty. Every word was filthy dirty and I left. Then I see her sitting about, oh, Whoopi Whoopi. What a loser she is. But I watched the way they ask questions and it’s like they’re the same, like they are partners in this crime that’s being committed.(01:22:32)Kamala, again, she was last in the primary. She was the first one to drop out of like 22 people and now I’m running against her. Now, I don’t mind. I have a feeling that if they left Joe in by the time it’s finished, because dropping like a rock now because she’s actually forced to speak. Because she’s behind, she’s forced to go on and she’s speaking and because she’s speaking, people are realizing she’s a dumb person and we can’t have another dumb president. We’ve had enough. Can’t have it. No, the country can’t take it. I don’t want to be nasty.(01:23:10)Somebody said to me, one of my people, a nice person. Staff person said, sir, please don’t call her dumb. The women won’t like it. The women want to see our country come back. They don’t care. The women are tougher than the men, right? It’s tough. I said, don’t worry. I said, don’t worry about the women. They’ll be okay. They’re going to be okay. You know what? They don’t want millions of people coming through our border. They don’t want militaries pushing us around. They don’t want crime in the middle of our streets. They don’t want hundreds of thousands of migrant criminals. Criminals. They don’t want them walking down Madison Avenue in New York and Fifth Avenue and the shops being emptied. They want to see a country that works. We’re going to have a country that works very, very soon and the women are going to like Trump. I think they like me anyway. I think it’s all bullshit. They make it up. Thank you.(01:24:18)Kamala was an original creator of defund the police, okay? She was one of the originals, because she’s a radical left person. Her father is a Marxist economist. I don’t know what that means, a Marxist economist. But a Marxist economist. I’d love to meet the father. Where’s the father? I want to meet the father. I might like him. I like Barack Hussein Obama’s brother very much. He endorsed me. I like very much Tampon Tim’s family. His family endorsed me. Tampon Tim, they endorsed me. The family of Tim, a terrible governor, the job he does is terrible. Anybody who wants to defund the police for even one week or one day is not worthy of being President of the United States. Okay?(01:25:18)Kamala Harris vowed to abolish ICE. She wants mass amnesty for illegals, which will bankrupt Medicare and social security. These people coming in, I believe they do it for the votes. They really want to get them on the voting rolls. The amazing thing is a poll came out the other day with Hispanics. First time ever, Trump is leading. Look at her. Beautiful. Trump is leading. Never have. I think stupid Mitt Romney was at like 4% or something. How about him? How do you like having him as a partner? Mitt Romney, what a weak led, we’re getting him the hell out of here. But she wants to ban fracking. Her whole life, she talked about we will ban fracking, we will ban fossil fuels. Now all of a sudden, a little while ago, she said, that’s not working too good. I love fracking very much. You know why? Because of your Commonwealth, she’s now going around saying, I love fracking.(01:26:18)Let me tell you, this ever happened. Day one, there’s no fracking and that’s the end of Pennsylvania because it’s the biggest factor in Pennsylvania. She imposed a natural gas export ban on Pennsylvania, which is killing you. It’s currently in effect, by the way, just in case you don’t know. She lost more than 325,000. I’m just giving you the same numbers that I gave you before with her answer. As Attorney General, she destroyed the state of California. As DA, she destroyed San Francisco. Now she wants to destroy the United States of America.(01:27:02)When she was the Attorney General of California, she redefined child sex trafficking, assault with a deadly weapon and rape of an unconscious person as nonviolent crimes. She said, under no circumstances will they be prosecuted. She called them nonviolent crimes. They’re pretty violent. Look, she’s a liberal. She’s a very liberal, she’s not even liberal. Remember I used to say State of the Union, we will not be a socialist country. We will never ever be a socialist country. I was right. We’re a communist country. They skip socialism now. I was right. They skip socialism. They to the next rung, communism. So I was right. We will never be a socialist country. Boom. They skipped it. So I was right. I like to be right.(01:28:01)She pledged to confiscate your guns and endorsed a total ban on handgun ownership. So I have the total endorsement of the NRA. How many people in here own a gun? All of my congressmen, they’re not sure what they… Look at that. Dan, you know what to do. All of my congressmen, they’re a little bit shy about that. But she will confiscate your guns, she’s going to take your guns away. Just so you know. She sponsored a bill to impose a 100% ban on gas-powered automobiles. Congratulations. I’m sure you’ll sell your automobile for a lot. That will be ended on day one. Okay, day one, boom. I will sign that on day one. I’m going to sign a lot of things. My hand will be very sore from signing. I’ll walk out, I’ll say, man, that’s a lot of signing, and I’ve signed a lot of things.(01:29:04)She even called for free sex changes for illegal aliens and detention. No. We are talking about major radical left stuff here. This is top of the line. It’s true. Far left of Bernie Sanders. In fact, even Bernie Sanders said, you know what he said the other day? It’s about time I put my foot down. We can’t do this. He’s complaining. Now Bernie is saying, I’ve got to put my foot down. This is too much. She is the worst. Perhaps most revealing of all, and it’s the simplest of all, for the last three years, I heard how she slaved over the french fry oven it at McDonald’s. I worked so hard. It was so hot, the heat. I’d get burns. Oh look, it was a burn. I got a burn. I still have a scar. It was horrible. Only one problem. She never worked at McDonald’s. It was a lie.(01:30:08)In one way, I hate that. It’s too simple. The fake news will say, oh, it’s such a… But they refused to report it. They reported that she worked there, but when it turned out to be a fake, they didn’t want to talk about it because they’re fake. Hence, the term fake news. They’re fake. No, they’ll get [inaudible 01:30:29] because they’ve almost lost all credibility now. You can hardly read the papers. A lot of people like your accounts, your taxi drivers. You’re a lot of different things.(01:30:39)But you don’t know, when we deal, when these guys deal and they go up and they give them a story and they know exactly what the story is and they give them the correct stuff and then they write it the exact opposite. A lot of people don’t know that they are truly corrupt people. They are corrupt and they are the enemy of the people. They are the enemy of the people. We know than we know better than the others because we give them… Right John? We give them the information and then they write it the opposite and it’s really disgusting. But here we are. We’re leading for the presidency. So I don’t know what the hell power they have.(01:31:21)Yesterday Tampon Tim said that they want to abolish the electoral college, take away all electoral power from the voters of Pennsylvania. They want to add in many cases they’re talking about many, they’re thinking about, first time I heard this number, 25, they want to have 25 supreme court justices. It’s the only way they’re going to gain the power they think. No, they have to wait their turn. It could come back. It’s the first time I’ve ever heard the number. It’s got to be uneven. You know that right? Got to be. So I figured they’d stop at maybe 11, maybe 13. No, that’s an unlucky number, so 15 maybe. Yesterday, first time I heard 25, they want 25. Tampon Tim and Kamala Harris are a true threat to democracy. I’m not the threat to democracy. By the way, if I was, I wouldn’t have taken a bullet to the ear. I wouldn’t have taken a bullet to the ear. They didn’t. But with your vote this November, we are going to defeat these radical left country destroyers and we are going to finish what we so brilliantly started. We had the greatest economy in history. On day one, I will seal the border, stop the migrant invasion, and we will begin the largest deportation operation in the history of our country. We have no choice. The illegal migrants coming into our country are taking the jobs of American citizens, the black and Hispanic communities in particular. I will end inflation and we will make America affordable again. We’re going to drill, baby, drill. We’re going to get the energy cost way down.(01:33:14)I will fight for and protect social security and Medicare with no increases of age. It’s going to happen with them. Some nice guy worked hard, he’s getting ready to reach that certain age and they announced you’re going to have to wait an extra six years. No, it’s not going to happen. Not with me. It didn’t happen. Remember that? It didn’t happen. It won’t happen. Uncle Sam, I promise you. We will make America the dominant energy producer in the world by far, and we will frack, frack, frack and drill, baby, drill.(01:33:51)I will cut your energy prices in half, 50%, within 12 months of taking office. Get it down 50%. We’ll do it because we have so much. We don’t even use our energy. We will terminate Kamala’s insane electric vehicle mandate so you’re allowed to drive to Washington without four stops. I’d prefer not stopping four times. I will stop outsourcing and turn the US into a manufacturing superpower, especially with the car industry. They are going to love me in Michigan and maybe that’s why I’m leading in Michigan. I’m leading by a lot in Michigan. I think the auto workers are going to love me maybe more than anybody else because if I don’t win, there will be no auto workers within three years. We won’t make any cars.(01:34:42)Working with Elon Musk, we will slash a record amount of government waste and fraud and abuse. He’s very good at that. I will end the war with Ukraine while I’m president elect. I won’t even wait to get into office. I’ll end it. Stop the chaos in the Middle East and prevent World War III, which is going to happen. World War III. We’re closer to World War III than we have ever been. We’ve never been this close. This will be a war like no other because it’s nuclear power. This is not two army tanks, as I say, going back and forth and shooting at each other, Uncle Sam, right? This is levels of power and carnage and it’s obliteration time. We can’t let that happen and we won’t have it. We will not have World War III.(01:35:34)These people don’t even talk. I saw Biden hasn’t spoken to Putin in like years or something. You got to end that war. That war is ridiculous. We got to end that war and I’ll end it fast. I know both of them. I know Zelensky, I know Putin, we will get it ended. I will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources and respect that they so dearly deserve. We will strengthen and modernize our military. I totally rebuilt our military and we gave $85 billion worth of it to the Taliban.(01:36:16)Did you see, there’s another thing we were going to get out with dignity and strength, but you got to take out the military less. He took out the military first. Not smart. Remember I had the five-year-old on stage. I gave him the stats. Would you do it first or last? Sure, I’d take out the military last. Thank you. Go back to your mom. Thank you. But Biden took it out first with Kamala’s blessing. We will build a missile defense shield all made in the USA and a lot of it made in Pennsylvania. We’re entitled to it. It’s our technology. Why aren’t we doing it all made right here? Jobs, jobs, jobs.(01:36:56)We will lead the world in space and reach Mars before the end of my term. I said to Elon, is that doable? Absolutely. He loves rockets, that guy, man. Never seen a guy that likes rockets so much. First time I got a glimpse, I said, who did that? Remember when the rocket engines came down? They have no wings, no nothing. I said, what the hell is that? I’m looking. It wasn’t a missile, it was just a round tube. It came down. It landed right on a barge, a circle. Four of them or three of them came right down, landed right on a circle from space. I said, who the hell did that? It was Elon Musk. I called him. I said, what’s that all about? He said, well, engines are very, very expensive. So if we could save them and through certain this and that, we were able to do it. It’s so incredible. They can use them again and again and again. How smart. How smart. He said, we can do that. We’ll be in Mars before the end of our term.(01:37:54)A lot of it also though does have to do with the military because we don’t want to just send rockets up. The military, it’s going to be a very important factor. Space Force is turning out to be a very big deal because a lot of the military is going to be surveillance and everything will be having to do with space. We were being obliterated when I took office by China and by Russia in space. We are now leading by a lot. I put a guy in there who’s done a phenomenal job, but Space Force has been a fantastic thing and a very important thing.(01:38:24)We will rebuild our cities, including our capital in Washington DC, which is so embarrassing. It’s got graffiti all over the marble. It’s got potholes all over the road. We’re going to fix our capital and make it beautiful and we’re going to be proud of it again. Our cities will be clean and safe and beautiful. We’re not going to have crime. We’re going to stop the crime. We’re going to let the police do their job. I will support universal school choice, which is a big deal for people. We will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our school and we will keep men out of women’s sports.(01:39:11)I will defend the Second Amendment as I have done for four years, and it wasn’t easy. Protect religious liberty, restore free speech, and we will secure our elections like they have never been secured before. We want voter ID. Did you see in California, Gavin Newsom? Listen to this. He passed a bill, he signed a bill that nobody is even allowed to ask anybody for voter ID. If they ask, it’s a criminal act or something. So there will be no voter ID. Now there’s only one reason they want that, to cheat. But think of this.(01:39:56)He took it a step further. Gavin Newsom, he has destroyed California. For me, it’s hard to say these things because I have property in California. I have a lot of property in California and I hurt myself. But what I’m doing now is much more important than my properties. It’s really much more important. Every time I say that, what a rotten job he’s doing, I say, well, that’s going to cost me a lot of money every time, but it doesn’t matter to me. If it did, I wouldn’t be doing this right now. Right? I wouldn’t be doing.(01:40:28)But under our administration… And by the way, how good did JD Vance do the other night? Everyone will prosper. Every family will thrive and every day will be filled with opportunity and hope. But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris. Should be easy, should be very easy. Stop her radical left agenda once and for all, you have to get out and vote. We’re going to make this a landslide. We want to make it a real referendum. We want to make it something where you go and you say, we have the right to stop crime in our cities. We want to make it big and we want to make it so that they can’t cheat. If you win by a lot, they can’t cheat. They can only cheat so much and they are cheating dogs. I will tell you that.(01:41:25)Early voting in Pennsylvania is underway. What the hell are you doing sitting here? Go. So get everyone you know, thank you Uncle Sam. Look at that. He’s the greatest. I love Uncle Sam. Look at him. Thank you Uncle Sam. He’s the greatest, that guy. I don’t know who the hell he is. He goes to a lot of rallies. Mr. Wald, do you know? I don’t know, but he’s great actually. So get everyone and go vote.(01:41:56)After all we have been through together, we stand on the verge of the four greatest years of the history of our country. I believe that. I also believe that if we don’t do this, I don’t think it’ll ever happen. I think our country’s going to be destroyed. They’re destroying our country. You’ll have 200 million people come in from all over the world, including prisons and mental institutions. With your help from now until election day, we will redeem America’s promise. We will put America first and we will take back the nation that we love. We love this nation. November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country. Together we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America healthy again. You know who is going to do that? RFK Jr. He’s got some good ideas. We love RFK Jr, don’t we, Vivek? Between the two of these guys. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. We will make America great again. Thank you, Pennsylvania. God bless you. God bless you, Pennsylvania. Get out and vote. Thank you. Thank you, fellas.
