
The trial is going very well, but we don’t have a jury, so I have no idea what happens with this. The trial’s going very well. Deutsche Bank testified that, first of all, the loans were paid off. There was no default. There was no problem. There’s no victim, except me. I’m the victim here. There’s no victim. There’s no victim whatsoever.(00:26)This is just a witch-hunt by an attorney general that ran for governor and failed. She used me because she ran for governor and she failed. There were no defaults. Every loan was perfect. They were all paid off. If they ever did this to anybody else, any other business person, what they would find would be ridiculous. You know what they find with us? Nothing. There’s nothing. The loans were perfect. The loans were paid off. All interest was paid. It was no default. I never even received a default letter. And I got plaques and trophies from the institutions in many cases for having done such a good job, which we’re going to be presenting in trial.(01:05)This is just a railroad job. It’s a witch-hunt with no jury, and it’s a runaway freight train, and it’s a disgrace. And any business that moved into New York should not do it. You should stay the hell out of here. Because I’ll tell you what, this is a corrupt system that we’re in. It’s a shame.


I’ll tell you what, Cohen didn’t have the guts. But I’ll tell you why my family’s being persecuted.


Because I’m leading in the polls against Biden by a lot. You saw Washington Post the other day, came out. ABC… ABC “fake news”, maybe it is fake, I don’t know, but… we were leading by 10 or 11 points. Yesterday another one came out, we’re leading Biden by six points. And that’s why. And we’re leading the Republicans. We’re leading the DeSanctimonious by 60 points, 6-0, 60 points more.(01:59)And that’s why this is happening. If this weren’t happening, if I weren’t running for president and doing so well, winning, it wouldn’t be happening. You know what happened in 2016, and you know what happened in 2020. We did much better in 2020 than we did in 2016, getting millions and millions more votes. People don’t like to talk about that, but got millions and millions more votes. That’s why this is happening. That’s the only reason it’s happening. Thank you.


For speaker, I hope that Jim is doing well. You’ll have to tell me, I’ve been wasting time on a railroaded court. I should be entitled…


Excuse me. I should be entitled to a jury, like anybody else is entitled to a jury. But this case should have never been brought. It’s an insult. Remember this: The financial statements are very conservative. The real numbers are more. They’re conservative financial. They said, “Oh, the financial statements are valued higher.” The financial statements are at a lower number, they’re conservative, so there is no fraud.(03:09)Number two: We have a reliance clause. We have what’s called a disclaimer, right up front, all over it, all over the financial. It says, “Don’t rely on these financial statements. Do your own due diligence. Do your own analysis.” So there’s no fraud. And number three: I said before, I’m being tried under a statute that nobody has ever been tried under, that doesn’t give me a jury, that doesn’t give me any rights whatsoever. They can do whatever they want. And it’s a disgrace.(03:45)Now it’s turned out that I have great financial statements. It’s turned out that the company is worth much more than the financial statements. They would say just the opposite. They valued things at ridiculous numbers, like Mar-a-Lago at $18 million, when it’s worth, perhaps, a hundred times that amount. Perhaps a hundred times. The fact is, we have a corrupt legal system in New York City and New York State. And you know what? We have a corrupt legal system in our country. The DOJ is corrupt, and they’re leaving this whole thing for election interference. Thank you very much.
