
Thank you very much. Thanks, sir.


Thank you.


Thank you very much. Great job, great job. Thank you.


Congratulations.


Well, it is so, and you look at the school boards, what’s happening? They’re being treated like terrorists. I’ve never seen anything like it. And who would think that when I make speeches? If you would go back 10 years, you’d never even think. But you say, I stand for parental rights. Who would think you have to say that, Bob, when that becomes a major portion of what you have to do, we’re going to stick up for the parents, in other words. They could come and take your child and do things to your child that nobody can believe they’re allowed to do. Nobody could even believe it. And no, we’re for parental rights. We’re going to get those parental rights back stronger than ever before.


Thank you, Brian.


Thank you, Brian. Very nice.


Well, we know what’s going to happen. Just as I was saying, unions are going to be very affected by all these people coming in. And we have no idea who they are, where they come from. We know nothing about them. They’re unvetted, they’re unchecked, and they’re by the millions, and they’re going to affect your Teamsters. And the Teamsters, as you know, the rank and file voted last week nationally, and I know you did locally and I appreciate it. I respect the Teamsters. I’ve used Teamsters to do a lot of buildings. The concrete, they trucked it in and I never had a problem. They’re great.(22:06)But we had a tremendous vote. Over 60% of the Teamsters voted, which was unheard of because it never happened before to a Republican. So if I were a Democrat, I would’ve add 105%, I think, based on that. But I know how hard you work, and I really appreciate your words, Brian. You’d be very happy. You do have to be careful. And I told Sean O’Brien. You know Sean O’Brien? He’s the boss and he’s great. Great man. He’s head of the Teamsters. I said, “You have to be careful because you have people coming in by the millions, and many are not people that are supposed to be in this country, and they’re going to be stealing your jobs, taking your jobs. And you’re going to have turmoil. You’re going to have tremendous turmoil. And it’s not fair to the people that have been here, and great citizens and worked hard.”(23:01)So you see it happening already. It is happening and it’s happening right now. So we have to be careful. But that was beautiful. Thank you, Brian, very much. Appreciate it. Thank you.


Thank you very much. Beautiful. Very good. Thank you very much. Very nice.


Yeah, I think we will. We had tremendous enthusiasm in Congress for it. Even on both sides. They said, “That was a good idea. Nobody ever thought of it.” I have another one. I was in Detroit the other day and I said, “We’re going to have deductibility of interest on car purchases.” And the place went crazy. And top people on Wall Street, two top people, like the top people, “Where did you ever come up with that idea?” And it was something that I just felt.(30:43)We have to bring back our car industry. We have other things even beyond that to bring it back actually. But that was going to be something. So we have the ideas with the no tax on Tips. I was at my building and waitress came up and she was complaining about the way they’re harassing her. I said, “On what?” She said, “Tips.” I said, “Really? Well, really, I didn’t even know. I never heard of this.” They said, “No, it’s terrible.” They’re actually passing new legislation to go after people on tips, really deep stuff. So I said, “What do you think of the idea of no tax on tips?” Because it just seems like very hard money to get for the government and maybe you should be entitled.(31:28)And also, I think a big thing could be for you, but it could be for a lot of the people, you work overtime, no tax on overtime. And I think that’s going to be good for the country. More people are going to work overtime. So we have these things. We’ll get them done and we’ll get them approved in Congress. I’ve gotten pretty much everything I’ve wanted.


Thank you very much.


Thank you.


Thank you.


So, you have a lot of people that came in and they went through 10, 12 years of work, and I think they’re being very unfairly treated. They’ve worked so hard, and they’re so proud, and they love the country. And we have people coming in, many people coming in and do a good job. And many people shouldn’t be on that line because they’re dangerous people. We have a lot of dangerous people. And we’re going to take care… Just so we understand, we want to have strong borders, but we want people to come into our country legally. And it’ll happen. We’re going to have a lot of people come in, but they’re going to come in legally, and that’s the way it has to be done. We all know that. I think everybody knows that around that sort of thing.


Well, thank you. And it’s a great story, actually. But big thing with you is going to be the cost of energy. Very big thing. And we’re going to get that down by 50% within the first year. We have, I say it all the time, more liquid gold, you’ve heard me say it, oil and gas, we have more than any other country in the world, including Saudi Arabia, including Russia. And we don’t use it to the extent that we can. And the problem is your prices are too high. I mean, it’s not a question of inflation anymore. They’ve already done the damage. The damage has been done. You have things that are costing 50, 60, 70% more than they were three years ago. And we’re going to get your energy costs down by 50% within the first 12 months. And when that happens, everything’s going to follow it. And I think you’re going to be in very good shape. Very good story, though. Very good. Thank you.


Thank you. Thank you, everybody.


Thank you very much. November 5th, get out and vote.


We got to vote.


Thank you, everybody. Thank you.
